! uberon definition changes
!
! Files used:
! file 1 (old): date unknown, cvs revision unknown
! file 2 (new): date unknown, cvs revision unknown

!
! Format of first line of each entry:
! Term ID : term name  ( total # annots / # direct annots)


UBERON:0000026 : appendage   
OLD: Major subdivision of an organism that protrudes from the body[DOS]. Organ or organ part that is attached to the body of an organism. For example a limb[GO, modified]. An appendage is an external body part, or natural prolongation, that protrudes from an organism's body, such as a vertebrate's limbs[BILA].
NEW: Major subdivision of an organism that protrudes from the body[DOS, CARO].


UBERON:0000439 : arachnoid trabecula   
OLD: a small, often microscopic, tissue element in the form of a small beam, strut or rod, generally having a mechanical function, and usually but not necessarily composed of dense collagenous tissue.
NEW: The arachnoid trabeculae are delicate strands of connective tissue that loosely connect the two innermost layers of the meninges -- the arachnoid mater and the pia mater. They are found within the subarachnoid space where cerebrospinal fluid is also found. Embryologically, the trabeculae are the remnants of the common precursor that forms both the arachnoid and pial layers of the meninges.


UBERON:0001347 : white adipose tissue   
OLD: Adipose tissue, cells of which contain a single large lipid droplet.[FMA]
NEW: Connective tissue consisting of fat-storing cells and arranged in lobular groups or along minor blood vessels[MP,modified]


UBERON:0001348 : brown adipose tissue   
OLD: Adipose tissue, cells of which contain multiple small lipid droplets.[FMA]
NEW: A thermogenic form of adipose tissue that is composed of brown adipocytes[MP,modified]


UBERON:0002091 : appendicular skeleton   
OLD: Subdivision of skeleton which which consists of all the  skeletal elements in in the pectoral and pelvic appendage complexes[cjm].
NEW: Subdivision of skeleton which which consists of all the skeletal elements in in the pectoral and pelvic appendage complexes[cjm].


UBERON:0002225 : costal arch   
OLD: The costal margin, sometimes referred to as the costal arch, is the medial margin formed by the false ribs -- specifically, from the eighth rib to the tenth rib.
NEW: The costal margin, sometimes referred to as the costal arch, is the medial margin formed by the false ribs, which in humans is from the eighth rib to the tenth rib.


UBERON:0002233 : tectorial membrane of cochlea   
OLD: The tectorial membrane (TM) is one of two acellular gels in the cochlea of the inner ear, the other being the basilar membrane (BM). The TM is located above the sulcus spiralis internus and the spiral organ of Corti and extends along the longitudinal length of the cochlea parallel to the BM. Radially the TM is divided into three zones, the limbal, middle and marginal zones. Of these the limbal zone is the thinnest (transversally) and overlies the auditory teeth of Huschke with its inside edge attached to the spiral limbus. The marginal zone is the thickest (transversally) and is divided from the middle zone by Hensen's Stripe. It overlies the sensory inner hair cells and electrically-motile outer hair cells of the organ of Corti and during acoustic stimulation stimulates the inner hair cells through fluid coupling, and the outer hair cells via direct connection to their tallest stereocilia.
NEW: The overlaying membrane of the cochlear duct, an extracellular matrix of the inner ear that contacts the stereocilia bundles of specialized sensory hair cells; sound induces movement of these hair cells relative to the tectorial membrane, deflects the stereocilia, and leads to fluctuations in hair cell membrane potential, transducing sound into electrical signals[MP,modified]


UBERON:0003102 : surface structure   
OLD: Organism subdivision that is the collection of anatomical structures on the body surface[ZFA].
NEW: Anatomical structure that overlaps the outer epithelial layer and is adjacent to the space surrounding the organism.


UBERON:0003529 : respiratory system lymphatic vessel endothelium   
OLD: An endothelium of lymphatic vessel that is part of a respiratory system [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: An lymphatic vessel endothelium that is part of a respiratory system [Automatically generated definition].


UBERON:0003897 : axial muscle   
OLD: A skeletal muscle of the trunk or head.
NEW: One of the skeletal muscles of the head and neck, spine, and ribs.


UBERON:0004122 : genitourinary system   
OLD: An anatomical system that has_part a reproductive system and has_part a excretory system.
NEW: Anatomical system that has as its parts the organs concerned with the production and excretion of urine and those concerned with reproduction.


UBERON:0006003 : integumentary adnexa   
(was skin adnexa)
OLD: the tissue or structures associated with or embedded in the skin such as hair and hair follicles, sweat glands, sebaceous glands and claws or nails
NEW: Anatomical structure embedded in or located in the integument that is part of the integumental system. Examples: hair, follicles, skin glands, claws, nails, feathers.


UBERON:0008307 : heart endothelium   
OLD: An endothelium that is part of a heart.
NEW: An endothelium that is part of a heart [Automatically generated definition].



