! uberon definition changes
!
! Files used:
! file 1 (old): 09:12:2014 22:39, cvs revision unknown
! file 2 (new): 01:01:2015 12:49, cvs revision unknown

!
! Format of first line of each entry:
! Term ID : term name  ( total # annots / # direct annots)


UBERON:0000006 : islet of Langerhans   
OLD: Regions of the pancreas that contain its endocrine (i.e., hormone-producing) cells.
NEW: the clusters of hormone-producing cells that are scattered throughout the pancreas


UBERON:0000044 : dorsal root ganglion   
OLD: ganglion on the dorsal root of each spinal nerve that is one of a series of ganglia lodging cell bodies of sensory neurons[BTO]. Trunk ganglion which is located adjacent to the spine on a dorsal root and contains the cell bodies of afferent sensory nerves[..]. one on the posterior root of each spinal nerve, composed of unipolar nerve cell bodies of the sensory neurons of the nerve[TFD].
NEW: * Sensory ganglia located on the dorsal spinal roots within the vertebral column. The spinal ganglion cells are pseudounipolar. The single primary branch bifurcates sending a peripheral process to carry sensory information from the periphery and a central branch which relays that information to the spinal cord or brain. (MSH) * ganglion found on the posterior root of each spinal nerve, composed of the unipolar nerve cell bodies of the sensory neurons of the nerve. (CSP)


UBERON:0000057 : urethra   
OLD: A tube which connects the urinary bladder to the outside of the body.
NEW: the fibromuscular tubular canal through which urine is discharged from the bladder to the exterior via the external urinary meatus; in males, the urethra is joined by the ejaculatory ducts and serves as a passageway for semen during ejaculation, as well as a canal for urine during voiding; in females, the urethra is shorter and emerges above the vaginal opening


UBERON:0000073 : regional part of nervous system   
OLD: An anatomical structure that is part of a nervous system [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: Any part or collection of parts of the central or peripheral nervous system.  Parts may span both CNS and PNS.


UBERON:0000114 : lung connective tissue   
OLD: A portion of connective tissue that is part of a lung [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the connective tissue located between the respiratory (airway and alveolar) epithelium, the capillary endothelium and pleural mesothelium; it contains basement membrane composed of collagen, elastin, proteoglycans, and fibronectin; it functions in the mechanical behavior of the lung, and forms a barrier to regulate the flow of plasma constituents from the capillaries to the airway and alveolar spaces


UBERON:0000126 : cranial nerve nucleus   
OLD: collection of neurons (gray matter) in the brain stem that is associated with one or more cranial nerves.
NEW: Nucleus that receives projections from or contains neurons that send projections through one of the cranial nerves


UBERON:0000164 : primitive urogenital sinus   
OLD: Ventral part of the cloaca remaining after septation of the rectum, which further develops into part of the bladder, part of the prostatic part of the male urethra and the urethra and vestibule in females[MP].
NEW: the ventral part of the cloaca remaining after septation of the rectum, which further develops into part of the bladder, part of the prostatic part of the male urethra and the urethra and vestibule in females


UBERON:0000209 : tetrapod frontal bone   
OLD: In humans: A bone resembling a cockleshell in two portions the squama frontalis, corresponding with the region of the forehead, and an orbital or horizontal portion, the pars orbitalis, which enters into the formation of the roofs of the orbital and nasal cavities.
NEW: the bone forming the forehead and roof of the eye orbit


UBERON:0000305 : amnion   
OLD: A membrane building the amniotic sac that surrounds and protects an embryo. It is developed in reptiles, birds, and mammals, which are hence called 'Amniota'; but not in amphibians and fish (Ichthyopsida), which are consequently termed 'Anamniota'. The primary function of this is the protection of the embryo for its development. It stems from parts of the mesoderm on the outer side and the ectoderm on the inner side[WP].
NEW: the thin innermost layer of the extraembryonic membranes that contains the amniotic fluid; the membrane forms a closed sac in which the embryo and later, the fetus, is suspended and protected


UBERON:0000362 : renal medulla   
OLD: The renal medulla is the innermost part of the kidney. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the inner portion of the kidney consisting of the renal pyramids


UBERON:0000388 : epiglottis   
OLD: A subdivision of the pharynx that consists of a flap of elastic cartilage tissue plus a mucous membrane covering, attached to the entrance of the larynx[WP,modified].
NEW: A part of the pharynx that consists of a flap of elastic cartilage tissue plus a mucous membrane covering, attached to the entrance of the larynx. The epiglottis is found at the root of the tongue and folds back over the entrance to the larynx during swallowing, preventing inhalation of food or drink[MP,modified]


UBERON:0000401 : mandibular ramus   
OLD: The ramus of the mandible (perpendicular portion) is quadrilateral in shape, and has two surfaces, four borders, and two processes[WP].
NEW: the upturned perpendicular extremity of the mandible


UBERON:0000407 : sympathetic trunk   
OLD: One of a a paired bundle of nerve fibers that run from the base of the skull to the coccyx.
NEW: One of a a paired bundle of nerve fibers plus ganglia that run from the base of the skull to the coccyx.


UBERON:0000460 : major vestibular gland   
OLD: Gland found in pairs located slightly below and to the left and right of the opening of the vagina in women. Bartholin's glands are homologous to bulbourethral glands in males. However, while Bartholin's glands are located in the superficial perineal pouch, bulbourethral glands are located in the deep perineal pouch. They secrete mucus to provide vaginal lubrication.
NEW: the paired glands located slightly posterior and to the left and right of the opening of the vagina in the superficial perineal pouch in females; they secrete mucus to lubricate the vagina and are homologous to bulbourethral (Cowper's) glands in males


UBERON:0000473 : testis   
OLD: gonad of a male animal, produces and releases sperm.
NEW: A gonad of a male animal. A gonad produces and releases sperm.


UBERON:0000474 : female reproductive system   
OLD: The organs of the female reproductive system.
NEW: The organs and associated structures associated with bearing offspring in a female animal.


UBERON:0000908 : hippocampal commissure   
OLD: A commissure that connects the two hippocampi across the middle line. The fibers emanate from the lateral portions of the body of the fornix[WP,modified].
NEW: the triangular subcallosal plate of commissural fibers resulting from the converging of the right and left fornix bundles which exchange numerous fibers and which curve back in the contralateral fornix to end in the hippocampus of the opposite side


UBERON:0000941 : cranial nerve II   
OLD: Cranial nerve which is comprised of retinal ganglion cell axons running posterior medially towards the optic chiasm, at which some of the axons cross the midline and after which the structure is termed the optic tract. Transmits visual information from the retina to the brain[ZFA].
NEW: Cranial nerve fiber tract which is comprised of retinal ganglion cell axons running posterior medially towards the optic chiasm, at which some of the axons cross the midline and after which the structure is termed the optic tract. Transmits visual information from the retina to the brain[ZFA].


UBERON:0000946 : cardial valve   
OLD: Flap of tissue that prevents regurgitation of blood from the ventricles to the atria or from the pulmonary arteries or aorta to the ventricles.
NEW: the membranous folds of the heart that prevent reflux of fluid


UBERON:0000947 : aorta   
OLD: Artery carrying blood from the heart to all the organs and other structures of the body, bringing oxygenated blood to all parts of the body in the systemic circulation
NEW: The main trunk of the systemic arterial system that carries blood from the heart to all the organs and other structures of the body, bringing oxygenated blood to all parts of the body in the systemic circulation


UBERON:0000959 : optic chiasma   
OLD: Nerve trunk which is continuous with right and left optic nerves and right and left optic tracts.[FMA]
NEW: A decussation of the diencephalon where the fibers of the optic nerve cross


UBERON:0000964 : cornea   
OLD: transparent front part of the eye that covers the iris, pupil, and anterior chamber. Together with the lens, the cornea refracts light, accounting for approximately two-thirds of the eye's total optical power.
NEW: the transparent anterior portion of the fibrous coat of the eye that serves as the chief refractory structure


UBERON:0000977 : pleura   
OLD: The delicate serous membrane that lines each half of the thorax of mammals and is folded back over the surface of the lung of the same side[BTO].
NEW: the serous membrane surrounding the lungs and lining the walls of the pleural cavity


UBERON:0000989 : penis   
OLD: The penis is an external sexual organ of certain biologically male organisms. The penis is a reproductive organ, technically an intromittent organ, and for placental mammals, additionally serves as the external organ of urination. The penis is generally found on mammals and reptiles. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: A intromittent organ in certain biologically male organisms. In placental mammals, this also serves as the organ of urination


UBERON:0000992 : female gonad   
OLD: Ovum-producing female reproductive organ.
NEW: the gonad of a female organism which contains germ cells


UBERON:0000993 : oviduct   
OLD: passage from the ovaries to the outside of the body[Wikipedia:Oviduct].
NEW: A tube or collection of tubes in an animal from the ovaries to the outside of the body.


UBERON:0000995 : uterus   
OLD: A major female hormone-responsive reproductive sex organ of most mammals including humans. One end, the cervix, opens into the vagina, while the other is connected to one or both fallopian tubes, depending on the species. It is within the uterus that the fetus develops during gestation, usually developing completely in placental mammals such as humans and partially in marsupials such as kangaroos and opossums. Two uteruses usually form initially in a female fetus, and in placental mammals they may partially or completely fuse into a single uterus depending on the species. In many species with two uteruses, only one is functional. Humans and other higher primates such as chimpanzees, along with horses, usually have a single completely fused uterus, although in some individuals the uteruses may not have completely fused[WP].
NEW: the female muscular organ of gestation in which the developing embryo or fetus is nourished until birth


UBERON:0001000 : vas deferens   
OLD: duct that transports sperm from the testis. In mammals this is from the epididymis.
NEW: A secretory duct that transports sperm from the testis. In mammals this is a continuation of the epididymis and ends in the prostatic urethra  where it terminates to form ejaculatory duct


UBERON:0001013 : adipose tissue   
OLD: Connective tissue composed of adipocytes.
NEW: Portion of connective tissue composed of adipocytes enmeshed in areolar tissue


UBERON:0001017 : central nervous system   
OLD: The central nervous system is the core nervous system that serves an integrating and coordinating function. In vertebrates it consists of the brain, spinal cord and spinal nerves. In those invertebrates with a central nervous system it typically consists of a brain, cerebral ganglia and a nerve cord[GO].
NEW: The central nervous system is the core nervous system that serves an integrating and coordinating function. In vertebrates it consists of the neural tube derivatives: the brain and spinal cord. In invertebrates it includes central ganglia plus nerve cord.


UBERON:0001019 : nerve fasciculus   
OLD: A slender neuron projection bundle[FBbt].
NEW: A slender neuron projection bundle[FBbt]; A bundle of anatomical fibers, as of muscle or nerve (American Heritage Dictionary 4th ed).


UBERON:0001021 : nerve   
OLD: An enclosed, cable-like bundle of peripheral axons [wikipedia]. A portion of tissue which is a fasiculated group of axons[ZFA]. Segment of neural tree organ which has as its parts a nerve trunk and its branches; together with other nerves of the same tree it constitutes a neural tree. Examples: chorda tympani, digastric branch of facial nerve, greater petrosal nerve, posterior cutaneous branch of posterior ramus of cervical nerve, superior lateral cutaneous nerve of arm[FMA].
NEW: An enclosed, cable-like bundle of axons in the peripheral nervous system originating in a nerve root in the central nervous system (or a condensed nervous structure) connecting with peripheral structures.


UBERON:0001033 : gustatory system   
OLD: A subset of the sensory system for the sensing of taste.
NEW: The sensory system for the sense of taste.


UBERON:0001040 : yolk sac   
OLD: Membranous sac attached to an embryo, providing early nourishment in the form of yolk in bony fishes, sharks, reptiles, birds, and primitive mammals. It functions as the developmental circulatory system of the human embryo, before internal circulation begins. In the mouse, the yolk sac is the first site of blood formation, generating primitive macrophages and erythrocytes.
NEW: A sac-like expansion of the ventral wall of the intestine, narrowed into a yolk stalk near the body[Hyman's]. Membranous sac attached to an embryo, providing early nourishment in the form of yolk in bony fishes, sharks, reptiles, birds, and primitive mammals. It functions as the developmental circulatory system of the human embryo, before internal circulation begins. In the mouse, the yolk sac is the first site of blood formation, generating primitive macrophages and erythrocytes[WP].


UBERON:0001046 : hindgut   
OLD: Posterior subdivision of a digestive tract[CJM].
NEW: The caudalmost subdivision of a digestive tract.


UBERON:0001052 : rectum   
OLD: The terminal portion of the intestine.
NEW: the terminal portion of the intestinal tube, terminating with the anus


UBERON:0001063 : flocculus   
OLD: A small lobe of the cerebellum at the posterior border of the middle cerebellar peduncle anterior to the biventer lobule[WP].
NEW: the small lobe of the cerebellum  at the posterior border of the middle cerebellar peduncle anterior to the biventer lobule that receives input from the inferior and medial vestibular nuclei and sends fibers back to the vestibular nuclei, and processes and integrates these signals to allow for the constant maintenance of balance


UBERON:0001078 : pedicle of vertebra   
OLD: The pedicles are two short, thick processes, which project backward, one on either side, from the upper part of the body, at the junction of its posterior and lateral surfaces. They connect the body of the spinal vertebra to the arch. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the two short, thick processes, which project backward, one on either side, from the upper part of the body to the laminae


UBERON:0001097 : axillary lymph node   
OLD: The Axillary lymph nodes are of large size, vary from twenty to thirty in number, and may be arranged in the following groups: brachial lymph nodes (or 'lateral') pectoral axillary lymph nodes (or 'anterior') subscapular axillary lymph nodes (or 'posterior') central lymph nodes apical lymph nodes (or 'medial' or 'subclavicular') [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the lymph nodes located around the axillary vein that receive lymphatic drainage from the upper or forelimb, scapular region and pectoral region


UBERON:0001111 : intercostal muscle   
OLD: Intercostal muscles are several groups of muscles that run between the ribs, and help form and move the chest wall. There are three principal layers; the external intercostal muscles, which aid in quiet and forced inhalation. They originate on ribs 1-11 and have their insertion on ribs 2-12. The external intercostals are responsible for the elevation of the ribs, and expanding the transverse dimensions of the thoracic cavity. Located around the ribs the internal intercostal muscles, which aid in forced expiration (quiet expiration is a passive process). They originate on ribs 2-12 and have their insertions on ribs 1-11. The internal intercostals are responsible for the depression of the ribs decreasing the transverse dimensions of the thoracic cavity. the innermost intercostal muscle, the deep layers of the internal intercostal muscles which are separated from them by the neurovascular bundle. Both the external and internal muscles are innervated by the intercostal nerves, and are provided by the intercostal arteries and intercostal veins. Their fibers run in opposite directions. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the respiratory muscles that arise from the lower border of one rib and insert into the upper border of the adjoining rib


UBERON:0001132 : parathyroid gland   
OLD: The parathyroid gland is an organ specialised for secretion of parathyroid hormone[GO]. Parathyroid glands control the amount of calcium in the blood and within the bones[WP].
NEW: The parathyroid gland is an endocrine gland for secretion of parathyroid hormone, usually found as a pair, embedded in the connective tissue capsule on the posterior surface of the thyroid gland. Parathyroid regulates calcium and phosphorous metabolism.


UBERON:0001135 : smooth muscle tissue   
OLD: Smooth muscle differs from striated muscle in the much higher actin/myosin ratio, the absence of conspicuous sarcomeres and the ability to contract to a much smaller fraction of its resting length[GO]. Tissue which consists of smooth muscle fibers surrounded by a reticulum of collagen and elastic fibers. Examples: Arrector muscle of hair, Muscularis mucosae.
NEW: Muscle tissue which is unstriated, composed primarily of smooth muscle fibers surrounded by a reticulum of collagen and elastic fibers. Smooth muscle differs from striated muscle in the much higher actin/myosin ratio, the absence of conspicuous sarcomeres and the ability to contract to a much smaller fraction of its resting length[GO]. Tissue which consists of smooth muscle . Examples: Arrector muscle of hair, Muscularis mucosae.


UBERON:0001152 : cystic duct   
OLD: The cystic duct is the short duct that joins the gall bladder to the common bile duct. It usually lies next to the cystic artery. It is of variable length. It contains a 'spiral valve', which does not provide much resistance to the flow of bile. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the tubular structure that conducts gall bladder contents from the gall bladder to the common bile duct


UBERON:0001165 : pyloric antrum   
OLD: Pyloric antrum (antrum, lesser cul-de-sac) is the initial portion of the pyloric part of the stomach. It is near the bottom of the stomach on the left side of the pyloric sphincter, which separates the stomach and the duodenum. It may temporarily become partially or completely shut off from the remainder of the stomach during digestion by peristaltic contraction of the prepyloric sphincter; it is demarcated, sometimes, from the second part of the pyloric part of the stomach by a slight groove. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the area at the bottom of the stomach on the caudal side of the pyloric canal that contains gastrin-producing G cells, which stimulate acid production, and the luminal pH-sensitive population of somatostatin-producing D cells


UBERON:0001166 : pylorus   
OLD: The region of the stomach that connects to the duodenum. It is divided in two parts: the pyloric antrum, which connects to the body of the stomach. the pyloric canal, which connects to the duodenum. The pyloric sphincter, or valve, is a strong ring of smooth muscle at the end of the pyloric canal and lets food pass from the stomach to the duodenum. It receives sympathetic innervation from celiac ganglion. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the stomach tissue region surrounding and controlling the distal outlet of the stomach, which opens into the duodenum


UBERON:0001167 : wall of stomach   
OLD: An anatomical wall that is part of a stomach [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the layered structure that makes up the stomach, typiclly consists of a serous coat, a muscular coat, a mucous membrane, and other tissue layers in between


UBERON:0001172 : hepatic acinus   
OLD: The smallest functional unit of the liver, comprising all of the liver parenchyma supplied by a terminal branch of the portal vein and hepatic artery; typically involves segments of two lobules lying between two terminal hepatic venules.
NEW: The functional unit of the liver, consisting of a mass of hepatocytes from adjacent liver lobules aligned around the hepatic arterioles and portal venules just as they anastomose into sinusoids.


UBERON:0001174 : common bile duct   
OLD: A tube-like anatomic structure in the human gastrointestinal tract. It is formed by the union of the common hepatic duct and the cystic duct (from the gall bladder). It is later joined by the pancreatic duct to form the ampulla of Vater. There, the two ducts are surrounded by the muscular sphincter of Oddi.
NEW: the part of the biliary tree formed by the union of the cystic duct and the common hepatic duct


UBERON:0001178 : visceral peritoneum   
OLD: The peritoneum that covers the external surfaces of most abdominal organs.
NEW: The inner layer of peritoneum that is wrapped around organs located inside the intraperitoneal space.


UBERON:0001179 : peritoneal cavity   
OLD: Cavity of serous sac surrounded by the peritoneum.[FMA]
NEW: Anatomical cavity bounded by visceral and parietal peritoneum


UBERON:0001200 : submucosa of stomach   
OLD: A submucosa that is part of a stomach [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the fibrous connective tissue layer beneath the stomach mucosa


UBERON:0001201 : serosa of stomach   
OLD: A serous membrane that is part of a wall of stomach [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the outermost layer of the stomach wall, consisting of layers of connective tissue continuous with the peritoneum


UBERON:0001203 : muscularis mucosae of stomach   
OLD: A muscularis mucosa that is part of a mucosa of stomach.
NEW: the thin layer of smooth muscle in the mucosal layer of the stomach that functions to agitate the surface area stomach mucosa by moving the villi back and forth


UBERON:0001211 : Peyer's patch   
OLD: nodular lymphoid structures on the serosal surface of the intestine.
NEW: the protruding lymphoid tissue located on the mucosa of the intestine that is composed of densely packed B cell follicles


UBERON:0001213 : intestinal villus   
OLD: Tiny, finger-like projections that protrude from the epithelial lining of the intestinal wall[WP]
NEW: the tiny hair-like projections that protrude from the inside of the small intestine that contain blood vessels that capture digested nutrients that are absorbed through the intestinal wall; the villi increase the absorptive surface area of the small intestine by approximately 30-fold


UBERON:0001229 : renal corpuscle   
OLD: In the kidney, a renal corpuscle is the initial blood-filtering component of a nephron. It consists of two structures: a glomerulus and a Bowman's capsule[WP,unvetted].
NEW: the structure containing the glomerular capsule and the glomerulus that serves as the initial blood-filtering component of a nephron


UBERON:0001230 : glomerular capsule   
OLD: The Bowman's capsule is a cup-like sac at the beginning of the tubular component of a nephron in the mammalian kidney. A glomerulus is enclosed in the sac. Fluids from blood in the glomerulus are collected in the Bowman's capsule and further processed along the nephron to form urine. This process is known as ultrafiltration. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: A cup-like sac at the expanded beginning of a tubular component of a nephron that contains the glomerulus


UBERON:0001235 : adrenal cortex   
OLD: Situated along the perimeter of the adrenal gland, the adrenal cortex mediates the stress response through the production of mineralocorticoids and glucocorticoids, including aldosterone and cortisol respectively. It is also a secondary site of androgen synthesis. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the thick outer layer of the adrenal gland that produces and secretes steroid hormones such as corticosterone, estrone and aldosterone


UBERON:0001236 : adrenal medulla   
OLD: The adrenal medulla is part of the adrenal gland. It is located at the center of the gland, being surrounded by the adrenal cortex. It is the innermost part of the adrenal gland, consisting of cells that secrete epinephrine, norepinephrine, and a small amount of dopamine in response to stimulation by sympathetic preganglionic neurons. Composed mainly of hormone-producing chromaffin cells, the adrenal medulla is the principal site of the conversion of the amino acid tyrosine into the catecholamines adrenaline (epinephrine), noradrenaline (norepinephrine), and dopamine[WP,unvetted].
NEW: the inner portion of the adrenal gland that consists mainly of chromaffin cells which produce, store and secrete neurotransmitters such as epinephrine and norepinephrine


UBERON:0001241 : crypt of Lieberkuhn of small intestine   
OLD: A crypt of Lieberkuhn that is part of a small intestine [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the tubular intestinal glands found in the mucosal membranes of the small intestine


UBERON:0001244 : internal anal sphincter   
OLD: The Sphincter ani internus (or internal anal sphincter) is a muscular ring which surrounds about 2.5 cm of the anal canal; its inferior border is in contact with, but quite separate from, the Sphincter ani externus. It is about 5 mm thick, and is formed by an aggregation of the involuntary circular fibers of the intestine. Its lower border is about 6 mm from the orifice of the anus. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the smooth muscle ring, formed by an increase of the circular muscle fibers of the rectum, situated at the upper end of the anal canal, internal to the outer voluntary external anal sphincter


UBERON:0001250 : red pulp of spleen   
OLD: Red pulp of the spleen is composed of connective tissue known as the cords of Billroth and many splenic sinuses that are engorged with blood, giving it a red color. Its primary function is to filter the blood of antigens, microorganisms, and defective or worn-out red blood cells. The spleen is made of red pulp and white pulp, separated by the marginal zone; 76-79% of a normal spleen is red pulp. Unlike white pulp, which mainly contains lymphocytes such as T cells, red pulp is made up of several different types of blood cells, including platelets, granulocytes, red blood cells, and plasma.
NEW: the parenchymatous tissue network of the spleen that consists of loose plates or cords (sinuses) infiltrated with red blood cells where most of the blood filtration occurs and degenerate erythrocytes are removed from the circulation


UBERON:0001251 : marginal zone of spleen   
OLD: region at the interface between the non-lymphoid red pulp and the lymphoid white-pulp of the spleen.
NEW: the zone between the red and white pulp of the spleen containing numerous macrophages and lymphocytes, and a rich plexus of sinusoids supplied by white pulp arterioles carrying blood-borne antigens


UBERON:0001257 : trigone of urinary bladder   
OLD: A smooth triangular region of the internal urinary bladder formed by the two ureteral orifices and the internal urethral orifice.
NEW: the smooth triangular region of the wall of the urinary bladder formed by the two ureteral orifices and the internal urethral orifice; it is an area in which the muscle fibers are closely adherent to the mucosa


UBERON:0001259 : mucosa of urinary bladder   
OLD: A mucosa that is part of a urinary bladder [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the mucous membrane lining the urinary bladder


UBERON:0001279 : portal triad   
OLD: A component of the hepatic lobule, that consists of: hepatic artery, hepatic portal vein, bile duct, lymphatic vessels, and the branch of the vagus nerve.
NEW: the three vessels of the portal lobule including the bile duct, a terminal branch of the hepatic artery and portal vein, and may also include a lymphatic vessel


UBERON:0001282 : intralobular bile duct   
OLD: The Canals of Hering, or intrahepatic bile ductules, are part of the outflow system of exocrine bile product from the liver.
NEW: the tubules located between the bile canaliculi and interlobular bile ducts near the outer edge of a classic liver lobule


UBERON:0001288 : loop of Henle   
OLD: Portion of the nephron that leads from the proximal convoluted tubule to the distal convoluted tubule. The loop has a hairpin bend in the renal medulla. The main function of this structure is to create a concentration gradient in the medulla of the kidney. By means of a countercurrent multiplier system, which utilizes sodium pumps, it creates an area of high sodium concentration deep in the medulla, near the collecting duct. Water present in the filtrate in the collecting duct flows through aquaporin channels out of the collecting duct, moving passively down its concentration gradient. This process reabsorbs water and creates a concentrated urine for excretion[WP].
NEW: the section of the renal tubule in the kidney medulla with a hairpin bend; consists of a descending limb and an ascending limb, and is situated between the proximal convoluted tubule to the distal convoluted tubule; it functions to reabsorb water and ions from the urine


UBERON:0001289 : descending limb of loop of Henle   
OLD: Portion of the renal tubule constituting the first part of the loop of Henle[WP].
NEW: the portion of the renal tubule that constitutes the proximal part of the loop of Henle, has low permeability to ions and urea, and is highly permeable to water; it consists of an initial short thick segment lined by low simple cuboidal epithelium and a long thin segment lined by simple squamous epithelium; however, this distinction is not as important physiologically as in the ascending limb, so often the two are treated as one structure


UBERON:0001291 : thick ascending limb of loop of Henle   
OLD: A segment of the nephron in the kidney. It can be divided into two parts: that in the renal medulla, and that in the renal cortex[Wikipedia:Thick_ascending_limb_of_loop_of_Henle].
NEW: the distal sub-portion of the ascending loop of Henle which is lined by simple cuboidal epithelium and enters the renal cortex to empty a hypotonic filtrate into the distal convoluted tubule


UBERON:0001295 : endometrium   
OLD: inner mucous membrane of the mammalian uterus.
NEW: the glandular mucous membrane lining of the uterine cavity that is hormonally responsive during the estrous/menstrual cycle and during pregnancy


UBERON:0001296 : myometrium   
OLD: middle layer of the uterine wall consisting of smooth muscle cells and supporting stromal and vascular tissue.
NEW: the smooth muscle coat of the uterus, which forms the main mass of the organ and surrounds and supports the endometrium


UBERON:0001299 : glans penis   
OLD: The glans penis (or simply glans) is the sensitive bulbous structure at the distal end of the penis. It is also commonly referred to as the 'head' of the penis. The glans penis is anatomically homologous to the clitoral glans of the female. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the conic expansion of the corpus spongiosum that forms the head of the penis


UBERON:0001300 : scrotum   
OLD: A protuberance of skin and muscle containing the testicles found in some male mammals. It is an extension of the abdomen, and is located between the penis and anus [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the external sac of skin that encloses the testes. It is an extension of the abdomen, and in placentals is located between the penis and anus.


UBERON:0001301 : epididymis   
OLD: A narrow, tightly-coiled tube connecting the efferent ducts from the rear of each testicle to its vas deferens.
NEW: the elongated structure connected to the posterior surface of the testis that transports, stores, and matures spermatozoa between testis and vas deferens


UBERON:0001335 : prostatic urethra   
OLD: The prostatic urethra, the widest and most dilatable part of the urethra canal, is about 3 cm. long. It runs almost vertically through the prostate from its base to its apex, lying nearer its anterior than its posterior surface; the form of the canal is spindle-shaped, being wider in the middle than at either extremity, and narrowest below, where it joins the membranous portion. A transverse section of the canal as it lies in the prostate is horse-shoe-shaped, with the convexity directed forward. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the widest and most dilatable part of the male urethra canal which runs almost vertically through the prostate from its base to its apex, lying nearer its anterior than its posterior surface; this portion of the urethral canal is spindle-shaped, being wider in the middle than at either extremity, and narrowest below, where it joins the membranous portion; it is lined by transitional epithelium and contains in its posterior wall, or floor, the orifices of the prostatic utricle, ejaculatory ducts, and prostatic ducts, collectively known as the seminal colliculus (aka verumontanum)


UBERON:0001337 : spongiose part of urethra   
OLD: The spongy urethra (cavernous portion of urethra, penile urethra) is the longest part of the male urethra, and is contained in the corpus spongiosum urethraeæ. It is about 15 cm long, and extends from the termination of the membranous portion to the external urethral orifice. Commencing below the inferior fascia of the urogenital diaphragm it passes forward and upward to the front of the symphysis pubis; and then, in the flaccid condition of the penis, it bends downward and forward. It is narrow, and of uniform size in the body of the penis, measuring about 6 mm in diameter; it is dilated behind, within the bulb, and again anteriorly within the glans penis, where it forms the fossa navicularis urethrae. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the longest part of the male urethra contained in the corpus spongiosum and extending from the end of the membranous portion to the external urethral orifice; commencing below the inferior fascia of the urogenital diaphragm it passes forward and upward to the front of the symphysis pubis; and then, in the flaccid condition of the penis, it bends downward and forward; while narrow and of uniform size in the body of the penis, it is dilated behind, within the bulb, and again anteriorly within the glans penis, where it forms the fossa navicularis urethrae; the spongy urethra is lined by pseudostratified columnar epithelium proximally, and by stratified squamous epithelium distally


UBERON:0001343 : seminiferous tubule of testis   
OLD: Seminiferous tubules are located in the testicles, and are the specific location of meiosis, and the subsequent creation of gametes, namely spermatozoa. The epithelium of the tubule consists of sustentacular or Sertoli cells, which are tall, columnar type cells that line the tubule. In between the Sertoli cells are spermatogenic cells, which differentiate through meiosis to sperm cells. There are two types: convoluted and straight. convuluted towards the lateral side and straight as the tubule comes medially to form ducts which will exit the testis. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the tubules in the testes where spermatogenesis occurs


UBERON:0001366 : parietal peritoneum   
OLD: The peritoneum that lines the walls of the peritoneal cavity.
NEW: The outer layer of peritoneum that is attached to the abdominal and pelvic walls.


UBERON:0001427 : scaphoid   
OLD: The scaphoid Bone is situated at the radial (radius bone) side of the carpus, or laterally between the manus and the forearm in standard medical posture (thumbs pointing outwards). The scaphoid bone is the largest bone of the proximal row of wrist bones, its long axis being from above downward, lateralward, and forward. It is approximately the size and shape of a medium sized cashew. The bone takes a semi-similar form of a boat. In reptiles, birds, and amphibians, this bone is instead commonly referred to as the radiale, because of its articulation with the radius. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the bone of the hand located at the radial side of the carpus and which articulates with the radius, trapezium, trapezoideum, capitate, and lunate bones


UBERON:0001439 : compact bone tissue   
OLD: one of the two types of osseous tissue that form bones. Compact/Cortical bone facilitates bone's main functions: to support the body, protect organs, provide levers for movement, and store and release chemical elements, mainly calcium. As its name implies, cortical bone forms the cortex, or outer shell, of most bones. Again, as its name implies, compact bone is much denser than cancellous bone, which is the other type of osseous tissue. Furthermore, it is harder, stronger and stiffer than cancellous bone. Cortical bone contributes about 80% of the weight of a human skeleton. The primary anatomical and functional unit of cortical bone is the osteon..
NEW: the outer layers of solid, hard bone that covers spongy bone; consists of parallel osteons containing mineral deposits and interstitial lamellae


UBERON:0001451 : navicular bone of pes   
OLD: The navicular bone is one of the tarsal bones, found in the pes. It is located on the medial side of the pes, and articulates proximally with the talus, distally with the three cuneiform bones, and occasionally laterally with the cuboid[WP].
NEW: the oval-shaped tarsal bone found between the talus and the 3 cuneiform bones


UBERON:0001471 : skin of prepuce of penis   
OLD: A zone of skin that is part of a prepuce of penis [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the loose fold of skin that covers the penis


UBERON:0001508 : arch of aorta   
OLD: begins at the level of the upper border of the second sternocostal articulation of the right side, and runs at first upward, backward, and to the left in front of the trachea; it is then directed backward on the left side of the trachea and finally passes downward on the left side of the body of the fourth thoracic vertebra, at the lower border of which it becomes continuous with the descending aorta[WP].
NEW: the convex portion of the aorta between the ascending and descending parts of the aorta; branches from it include the brachiocephalic trunk, the left common carotid artery, and the left subclavian artery; the brachiocephalic trunk further splits to form the right subclavian artery and the right common carotid artery


UBERON:0001515 : thoracic aorta   
OLD: The thoracic aorta is contained in the posterior mediastinal cavity. It begins at the lower border of the fourth thoracic vertebra where it is continuous with the aortic arch, and ends in front of the lower border of the twelfth thoracic vertebra, at the aortic hiatus in the diaphragm where it becomes the abdominal aorta. At its commencement, it is situated on the left of the vertebral column; it approaches the median line as it descends; and, at its termination, lies directly in front of the column. The vessel describes a curve which is concave forward; as the branches given off from it are small, its diminution in size is insignificant. It has a radius of approximately 1.16 cm. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the part of the aorta that extends from the origin at the heart to the diaphragm, and from which arises numerous branches that supply oxygenated blood to the chest cage and the organs within the chest


UBERON:0001529 : brachiocephalic artery   
OLD: The brachiocephalic artery (or brachiocephalic trunk or innominate artery) is an artery of the mediastinum that supplies blood to the right arm and the head and neck. It is the first branch of the aortic arch, and soon after it emerges, the brachiocephalic artery divides into the right common carotid artery and the right subclavian artery. There is no brachiocephalic artery for the left side of the body. The left common carotid, and the left subclavian artery, come directly off the aortic arch. However, there are two brachiocephalic veins. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the short first aortic arch branch and divides into the right subclavian artery and the right common carotid artery


UBERON:0001535 : vertebral artery   
OLD: The vertebral arteries are branches of the subclavian arteries. The two vertebral arteries and the basilar artery are sometimes together called the vertebrobasilar system, which supplies blood to the posterior part of circle of Willis and anastomoses with blood supplied to the anterior part of the circle of Willis from the carotid arteries. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the first branch of the left and right subclavian arteries that merge to form the single midline basilar artery; branches of the vertebral arteries supply the musculature of the neck


UBERON:0001542 : inguinal lymph node   
OLD: A lymph node in the inguinal region.
NEW: the lymph nodes located in the groin area


UBERON:0001543 : popliteal lymph node   
OLD: A lymph node that is located in in the fat contained in the popliteal fossa.
NEW: the lymph nodes which drain the legs; contained in the popliteal fossa


UBERON:0001564 : mylohyoid muscle   
OLD: The mylohyoid muscle is a muscle running from the mandible to the hyoid bone, forming the floor of the oral cavity. These muscles are mesodermal in origin.
NEW: The mylohyoid is a pharyngeal arch I muscle that participates in oral/pharyngeal behaviors and is innervated by the nerve to mylohyoid and attaches to the midline raphe linking right and left mylohyoid and the mandible.


UBERON:0001581 : depressor labii inferioris   
OLD: The depressor labii inferioris (or quadratus labii inferioris) is a facial muscle that helps lower the bottom lip. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: A muscle of facial expression, innervated by the facial nerve, attached to the skin of the lower lip, orbicularis oris muscle, and mandible, and superficial and lateral to the mentalis muscle. See Diogo et al., 2009; Burrows et al., 2011)


UBERON:0001598 : temporalis muscle   
OLD: The temporal muscle is one of the muscles of mastication. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Pharyngeal arch 1 muscle that is innervated by the deep temporal branches of the trigeminal nerve and attaches to the wall of the braincase (including the cranial vault) and mandible.


UBERON:0001676 : occipital bone   
OLD: A saucer-shaped membrane bone situated at the back and lower part of the cranium, is trapezoid in shape and curved on itself. It is pierced by a large oval aperture, the foramen magnum, through which the cranial cavity communicates with the vertebral canal.
NEW: the bone at the lower, posterior part of the skull


UBERON:0001678 : temporal bone   
OLD: The temporal bones are situated at the sides and base of the skull, and lateral to the temporal lobes of the cerebrum.
NEW: the large, irregular bone located at the base and side of the skull; consists of three parts at birth: squamous, tympanic, and petrous


UBERON:0001680 : lacrimal bone   
OLD: The smallest and most fragile bone of the face, is situated at the front part of the medial wall of the orbit. It has two surfaces and four borders. In early lobe-finned fishes and ancestral tetrapods, the lacrimal bone is a relatively large and robust bone, running from the orbit to the nostrils. It forms part of the side of the face, between the nasal bones and the maxilla. In primitive forms, it is often accompanied by a much smaller septomaxilla bone, lying immediately behind the nasal opening, but this is lost in most modern species. The lacrimal bone is often smaller in living vertebrates, and is no longer always directly associated with the nasal opening, although it retains its connection with the orbit. The bone is entirely absent in living amphibians, as well as some reptilian species.
NEW: the irregularly thin plate that forms part of the medial wall of the orbit behind the frontal process of the maxilla


UBERON:0001683 : jugal bone   
OLD: The zygomatic bone is a paired dermal bone which articulates with the maxilla. In humans it also articulates with the temporal bone, the sphenoid bone and the frontal bone. The zygomatic is homologous to the jugal bone of other tetrapods. It is situated at the upper and lateral part of the face and forms the prominence of the cheek, part of the lateral wall and floor of the orbit, and parts of the temporal and infratemporal fossae. It presents a malar and a temporal surface; four processes, the frontosphenoidal, orbital, maxillary, and temporal; and four borders[WP,modified].
NEW: the quadrilateral bone that forms the prominence of the cheek


UBERON:0001700 : geniculate ganglion   
OLD: The geniculate ganglion is an L-shaped collection of fibers and sensory neurons of the facial nerve located in the facial canal of the head. It receives fibers from the motor, sensory, and parasympathetic components of the facial nerve and sends fibers that will innervate the lacrimal glands, submandibular glands, sublingual glands, tongue, palate, pharynx, external auditory meatus, stapedius, posterior belly of the digastric muscle, stylohyoid muscle, and muscles of facial expression. Sensory and parasympathetic inputs are carried into the geniculate ganglion via the nervus intermedius. Motor fibers are carried via the facial nerve proper. The greater petrosal nerve, which carries sensory fibers as well as preganglionic parasympathetic fibers, emerges from the anterior aspect of the ganglion. The geniculate ganglion is one of several ganglia of the head and neck. Like the others, it is a bilaterally distributed structure, with each side of the face having a geniculate ganglion. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the group of sensory neuron cell bodies associated with the facial nerve (seventh cranial nerve)


UBERON:0001714 : cranial ganglion   
OLD: Ganglion of a cranial nerve[cjm].
NEW: the groups of nerve cell bodies associated with the twelve cranial nerves


UBERON:0001717 : spinal nucleus of trigeminal nerve   
OLD: The spinal trigeminal nucleus is a nucleus in the medulla that receives information about deep/crude touch, pain, and temperature from the ipsilateral face. The facial, glossopharyngeal, and vagus nerves also convey pain information from their areas to the spinal trigeminal nucleus. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Nucleus extending from the upper spinal cord through the pontine tegmentum that receives sensory inputs from the trigeminal nerve.  It is continuous caudally with the dorsal gray matter of the spinal cord.


UBERON:0001718 : mesencephalic nucleus of trigeminal nerve   
OLD: The mesencephalic nucleus is involved with proprioception of the face, that is, the feeling of position of the muscles. Unlike many nuclei within the CNS, the mesencephalic nucleus contains no chemical synapses but are electrically coupled. Instead, neurons of this nucleus are pseudounipolar cells receiving proprioceptive information from the jaw, and sending projections to the motor trigeminal nucleus to mediate monosynaptic jaw reflexes. It is also the only structure in the CNS to contain the cell bodies of a primary afferent, which are usually contained within ganglia. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Elongated nucleus located in the midbrain tegmentum that receives proprioceptive input from both teh extraocular and the masticatory muscles.  Contrary to the general rule, the cell bodies that give rise to these sensory fibers are located within the mesencephalic nucleus rather than in a peripheral ganglion.  Some of the sensory fibers in the mesencephalic root give off collaterals to the trigeminal motor nucleus, thereby providing the anatomic basis for the monosynaptic jaw reflex. (Heimer, L.  The Human Brain and Spinal Cord, 2nd ed. 1996, page 248).


UBERON:0001720 : cochlear nucleus   
OLD: The cochlear nuclei consist of: (a) the dorsal cochlear nucleus, corresponding to the tuberculum acusticum on the dorso-lateral surface of the inferior peduncle; and (b) the ventral or accessory cochlear nucleus, placed between the two divisions of the nerve, on the ventral aspect of the inferior peduncle. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Any of the nuclei of the cochlear nuclear complex.


UBERON:0001727 : taste bud   
OLD: Taste buds are small structures on the upper surface of the tongue, soft palate, upper esophagus and epiglottis that provide information about the taste of food being eaten. These structures are involved in detecting the five elements of taste perception: salty, sour, bitter, sweet, and umami (or savory). Via small openings in the tongue epithelium, called taste pores, parts of the food dissolved in saliva come into contact with the taste receptors. These are located on top of the taste receptor cells that constitute the taste buds. The taste receptor cells send information detected by clusters of various receptors and ion channels to the gustatory areas of the brain via the seventh, ninth and tenth cranial nerves. The human tongue has about 10,000 taste buds. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: A specialized receptor organ that is a collection of cells spanning the gustatory epithelium. Taste buds may be found on the tongue, soft palatte, epiglottis and upper pharynx.


UBERON:0001728 : nasopharynx   
OLD: uppermost part of the pharynx. It extends from the base of the skull to the upper surface of the soft palate; it differs from the oral and laryngeal parts of the pharynx in that its cavity always remains patent (open)[WP].
NEW: the section of the pharynx that lies above the soft palate


UBERON:0001729 : oropharynx   
OLD: The Oropharynx (oral part of the pharynx) reaches from the Uvula to the level of the hyoid bone. It opens anteriorly, through the isthmus faucium, into the mouth, while in its lateral wall, between the two palatine arches, is the palatine tonsil. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the portion of the pharynx that lies between the soft palate and the upper edge of the epiglottis


UBERON:0001732 : pharyngeal tonsil   
OLD: Adenoids (or pharyngeal tonsils, or nasopharyngeal tonsils) are a mass of lymphoid tissue situated at the very back of the nose, in the roof of the nasopharynx, where the nose blends into the mouth. Normally, in children, they make a soft mound in the roof and posterior wall of the nasopharynx, just above and behind the uvula. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the lymph tissue in the roof and posterior wall of the nasopharynx


UBERON:0001735 : tonsillar ring   
OLD: lymphoid tissue ring located in the pharynx and to the back of the oral cavity. The ring consists of (from superior to inferior): Pharyngeal tonsil (also known as 'adenoids' when infected) Tubal tonsil (where Eustachian tube opens in the nasopharynx) Palatine tonsils (commonly called 'the tonsils' in the vernacular, less commonly termed 'faucial tonsils') Lingual tonsils Some animals, but not humans, have one or two additional tonsils: Soft palate tonsil Paraepiglottic tonsil[WP].
NEW: the circular lymphoid tissue formed by the lingual, pharyngeal, and facial tonsils


UBERON:0001736 : submandibular gland   
OLD: The paired submandibular glands (submaxillary glands) are salivary glands located beneath the floor of the mouth. In humans, they account for 70% of the salivary volume and weigh about 15 grams. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Either of the paired compound tubuloalveolar (aka tubuloacinar) major salivary glands composed of both serous and mucous secretory cells and situated beneath the mandible.


UBERON:0001738 : thyroid cartilage   
OLD: The thyroid cartilage is the largest of the nine cartilages that make up the laryngeal skeleton, the cartilage structure in and around the trachea that contains the larynx. It is composed of two plate-like laminae that fuse on the anterior side of the cartilage to form a peak, called the laryngeal prominence. This prominence is often referred to as the 'pomus Adamus' or 'Adam's apple'. The laryngeal prominence is more prominent in adult male than female because of the difference in the size of the angle: 90° in male and 120° in female. The lip of the thyroid cartilage just superior to the laryngeal prominence is called the superior thyroid notch, while the notch inferior to the thyroid angle is called the inferior thyroid notch. Its posterior border is elongated both inferiorly and superiorly to form the superior horn of thyroid cartilage and inferior horn of thyroid cartilage. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the largest of the laryngeal cartilages


UBERON:0001740 : arytenoid cartilage   
OLD: The arytenoid cartilages are a pair of small three-sided pyramids which form part of the larynx, to which the vocal cords are attached. Each is pyramidal in form, and has three surfaces, a base, and an apex. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the paired triangular laryngeal cartilages located postlaterally at the level of the thyroid cartilage


UBERON:0001762 : nasal concha   
OLD: A long, narrow and curled bone shelf (shaped like an elongated sea-shell) which protrudes into the breathing passage of the nose.
NEW: the small curved bones that extends horizontally along the lateral wall of the nasal passage


UBERON:0001766 : anterior chamber of eyeball   
OLD: The fluid-filled space inside the eye between the iris and the cornea's innermost surface, the endothelium.[1] Aqueous humor is the fluid that fills the anterior chamber. Hyphema and glaucoma are two main pathologies in this area. In hyphema, blood fills the anterior chamber. In glaucoma, blockage of the canal of Schlemm prevents the normal outflow of aqueous humor, resulting in accumulation of fluid, increased intraocular pressure, and eventually blindness.
NEW: the space in the eye, filled with aqueous humor, and bounded anteriorly by the cornea and a small portion of the sclera and posteriorly by a small portion of the ciliary body, the iris, and part of the crystalline lens


UBERON:0001767 : posterior chamber of eyeball   
OLD: A narrow chink behind the peripheral part of the iris of the lens, and in front of the suspensory ligament of the lens and the ciliary processes the Posterior Chamber consists of small space directly posterior of the Iris but anterior to the lens.
NEW: the ring-like space, filled with aqueous humor, between the iris/pupil anteriorly and the lens and ciliary body posteriorly


UBERON:0001768 : uvea   
OLD: pigmented middle of the three concentric layers that make up an eye, consisting of the iris, ciliary body and choroid[WP,edited].
NEW: the pigmented middle of the three concentric layers that make up an eye, consisting of the iris, ciliary body and choroid[WP,edited].


UBERON:0001769 : iris   
OLD: A membrane in the eye, responsible for controlling the amount of light reaching the retina. The iris consists of pigmented fibrovascular tissue known as a stroma. It is the most forward portion of the eye and the only one seen on superficial inspection. The stroma connects a sphincter muscle (sphincter pupillae), which contracts the pupil, and a set of dilator muscles (dilator pupillae) which open it. The back surface is covered by a heavily pigmented epithelial layer two cells thick (the iris pigment epithelium), but the front surface has no epithelium. The high pigment content blocks light from passing through the iris and restricts it to the pupil. The outer edge of the iris, known as the root, is attached to the sclera and the anterior ciliary body. The iris and ciliary body together are known as the anterior uvea. Just in front of the root of the iris is the region through which the aqueous humour constantly drains out of the eye, with the result that diseases of the iris often have important effects on intraocular pressure, and indirectly on vision. Depending on the amount of light, the iris makes the pupil larger or smaller.
NEW: the adjustable membrane, composed of the stroma and pigmented epithelium, located just in front of the crystalline lens within the eye


UBERON:0001771 : pupil   
OLD: sphere that is located in the center of the iris of the eye and that controls the amount of light that enters the eye.
NEW: the central circular aperture of the iris through which light rays enter the eye


UBERON:0001772 : corneal epithelium   
OLD: The epithelium that covers the front of the cornea.
NEW: the smooth stratified squamous epithelium that covers the outer surface of the cornea


UBERON:0001775 : ciliary body   
OLD: circumferential tissue inside the eye composed of the ciliary muscle and ciliary processes.
NEW: the thickened portion of the vascular tunic, which lies between the choroid and the iris, composed of ciliary muscle and ciliary processes


UBERON:0001777 : substantia propria of cornea   
OLD: The substantia propria (or stroma of cornea) is fibrous, tough, unyielding, and perfectly transparent. It is composed of about 200 flattened lamellæ (plates of collagen fibrils), superimposed one on another. They are each about 1.5-2.5 micrometres in thickness. These fibrils run at different angles between the limbi. Fibres of the layers frequently interweave, the anterior lamellæ interweaving more than posterior lamellæ. The fibres of each lamella are parallel with one another, but at right angles to those of adjacent lamellæ. The lamellæ are produced by keratocytes (corneal corpuscles), which occupy about 10% of the substantia propria. These lamellæ are made up of bundles of modified connective tissue, the fibres of which are directly continuous with those of the sclera. More collagen fibres run in a temporal-nasal direction than run in the superior-inferior direction. This is often ignored by corneal transplant surgeons, leading to poor corneal mechanical strength in corneal transplant patients. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the lamellated connective tissue of the cornea between the Bowman and Descemet membranes


UBERON:0001780 : spinal nerve   
OLD: Neural tree (organ) which is directly continuous with the spinal cord. Examples: Fifth cervical spinal nerve, third lumbar spinal nerve.
NEW: the any of the paired peripheral nerves formed by the union of the dorsal and ventral spinal roots from each spinal cord segment[MP,modified]


UBERON:0001801 : anterior segment of eyeball   
OLD: The anterior segment is the front third of the eye that includes the structures in front of the vitreous humour: the cornea, iris, ciliary body, and lens. Within the anterior segment are two fluid-filled spaces: the anterior chamber between the posterior surface of the cornea (i.e. the corneal endothelium) and the iris; the posterior chamber between the iris and the front face of the vitreous. Aqueous humor fills these spaces within the anterior segment and provides nutrients to the surrounding structures.
NEW: any of the parts of the eye that lie in front of, or ventral to, the lens (inclusive)


UBERON:0001802 : posterior segment of eyeball   
OLD: The posterior segment is the back two-thirds of the eye that includes the anterior hyaloid membrane and all structures behind it: the vitreous humor, retina, choroid, and optic nerve. On the anterior side of the lens is the aqueous humour which is bounded on all sides by the lens, ciliary body, suspensory ligaments, and by the cornea. It lets light through without refraction, helps maintain the shape of the eye and suspends the delicate lens. In some animals, the retina contains a reflective layer (the tapetum lucidum) which increases the amount of light each photosensitive cell perceives, allowing the animal to see better under low light conditions.
NEW: any of the parts of the eye that lie in back of, or dorsal to, the lens (but not inclusive)


UBERON:0001804 : capsule of lens   
OLD: A smooth, transparent basement membrane that completely surrounds the lens. It is synthesized by the lens epithelium and its main components are Type IV collagen and sulfated glycosaminoglycans (GAGs).
NEW: the elastic, clear, membrane-like structure, that is outer most layer of the lens


UBERON:0001806 : sympathetic ganglion   
OLD: Sympathetic ganglia are the ganglia of the sympathetic nervous system. They deliver information to the body about stress and impending danger, and are responsible for the familiar fight-or-flight response. They are located close to and on either side of the spinal cord in long chains. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: A ganglion of the sympathetic nervous system. Examples: paravertebral and the prevertebral ganglia, which include the sympathetic chain ganglia, the superior, middle, and inferior cervical ganglia, and the aorticorenal, celiac, and stellate ganglia


UBERON:0001811 : conjunctiva   
OLD: The conjunctiva is a clear mucous membrane consisting of cells and underlying basement membrane that covers the sclera (white part of the eye) and lines the inside of the eyelids. It is made of epithelial tissue. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the mucous membrane that lines the inner surface of the eyelids and the front of the eyeball


UBERON:0001820 : sweat gland   
OLD: Sweat glands are exocrine glands, found in the skin of all mammal species, that are used for body temperature regulation. Both apocrine and merocrine sweat glands contain myoepithelial cells specialized epithelial cells located between the gland cells and the underlying basal lamina. Myoepithelial cell contractions squeeze the gland and discharge the accumulated secretions. The secretory activities of the gland cells and the contractions of myoepithelial cells are controlled by both the autonomic nervous system and by the circulating hormones. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: any of the coil glands of the skin that secrete sweat


UBERON:0001825 : paranasal sinus   
OLD: Paranasal sinuses are air-filled spaces, communicating with the nasal cavity, within the bones of the skull and face. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the paired air-filled cavities surrounded by the bones of the face that are lined by mucous membranes and are continuous with the nasal cavity


UBERON:0001832 : sublingual gland   
OLD: The sublingual glands are salivary glands in the mouth. They lie anterior to the submandibular gland under the tongue, beneath the mucous membrane of the floor of the mouth. They are drained by 8-20 excretory ducts called the ducts of Rivinus. The largest duct, the sublingual duct (of Bartholin) joins the submandibular duct to drain through the sublingual caruncle. The sublingual gland consists mostly of Mucous acini capped with serous demilunes and is therefore categorized as a mixed gland. Most of the remaining small sublingual ducts open separately into the mouth on an elevated crest of mucous membrane, the sublingual fold, caused by the gland and on either side of the frenulum linguae. The chorda tympani nerve is secretomotor to the sublingual glands. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the small mucin-producing salivary glands in the floor of the mouth beneath the tongue, anterior to the submandibular gland


UBERON:0001844 : cochlea   
OLD: The cochlea is the auditory portion of the inner ear. Its core component is the Organ of Corti, the sensory organ of hearing, which is distributed along the partition separating fluid chambers in the coiled tapered tube of the cochlea. [WP,modified].
NEW: the spiral-shaped bony canal in the inner ear containing the hair cells that transduce sound. Its core component is the Organ of Corti, the sensory organ of hearing, which is distributed along the partition separating fluid chambers in the coiled tapered tube of the cochlea. [WP,modified].


UBERON:0001853 : utricle of membranous labyrinth   
OLD: one of the two otolith organs located in the vertebrate inner ear. These use small stones and a viscous fluid to stimulate hair cells to detect motion and orientation. The utricle is larger than the saccule and is of an oblong form, compressed transversely, and occupies the upper and back part of the vestibule, lying in contact with the recessus ellipticus and the part below it. The utricle contains mechanoreceptors called hair cells that distinguish between degrees of tilting of the head, thanks to their apical cilia set-up. These are covered by otolith which, due to gravity, pull on the cilia and tilt them. Depending on whether the tilt is in the direction of the kinocilium or not, the resulting hair cell polarisation is excitatory (depolarising) or inhibitory (hyperpolarisation), respectively. This signal to the vestibular nerve (which takes it to the brainstem) does not adapt with time. The effect of this is that, for example, an individual lying down to sleep will continue to detect that they are lying down hours later when they awaken[WP].
NEW: the larger of the two otolith organs in the vestibule


UBERON:0001854 : saccule of membranous labyrinth   
OLD: A bed of sensory cells situated in the inner ear. The saccule translates head movements into neural impulses which the brain can interpret. The saccule is sensitive to linear translations of the head, specifically movements up and down (think about moving on an elevator). When the head moves vertically, the sensory cells of the saccule are disturbed and the neurons connected to them begin transmitting impulses to the brain. These impulses travel along the vestibular portion of the eighth cranial nerve to the vestibular nuclei in the brainstem. is the smaller of the two vestibular sacs. It is globular in form and lies in the recessus sphæricus near the opening of the scala vestibuli of the cochlea. Its cavity does not directly communicate with that of the utricle. The anterior part of the saccule exhibits an oval thickening, the macula acustica sacculi, or macula, to which are distributed the saccular filaments of the vestibular branch of the vestibulocochlear nerve, also known as the acoustic nerve or cranial nerve VIII[WP].
NEW: the smaller of the two otolith organs in the vestibule


UBERON:0001860 : endolymphatic duct   
OLD: From the posterior wall of the saccule a canal, the endolymphatic duct, is given off; this duct is joined by the ductus utriculosaccularis, and then passes along the aquaeductus vestibuli and ends in a blind pouch on the posterior surface of the petrous portion of the temporal bone, where it is in contact with the dura mater. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the small membranous canal, connecting with both saccule and utricle of the membranous labyrinth, passing through the aqueduct of vestibule, and terminating in the endolymphatic sac


UBERON:0001863 : scala vestibuli   
OLD: Scala vestibuli is a perilymph filled cavity inside the cochlea of the inner ear. It is separated from the scala media by Reissner's membrane and extends from the oval window to the helicotrema where it joins scala tympani. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the division of the spiral canal of the cochlea lying on the apical side of the spiral lamina and vestibular membrane


UBERON:0001864 : scala tympani   
OLD: Scala tympani is one of the perilymph-filled cavities in the cochlear labyrinth. It is separated from the scala media by the basilar membrane, and it extends from the round window to the helicotrema, where it continues as scala vestibuli. The purpose of the perilymph-filled scala tympani and scala vestibuli is to transduce the movement of air that causes the tympanic membrane and the ossicles to vibrate, to movement of liquid and the basilar membrane. This movement is conveyed to the organ of Corti inside the scala media, composed of hair cells attached to the basilar membrane and their stereocilia embedded in the tectorial membrane. The movement of the basilar membrane compared to the tectorial membrane causes the sterocilia to bend. They then depolarise and send impulses to the brain via the cochlear nerve. This produces the sensation of sound. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the division of the spiral canal of the cochlea lying on the basal side of the spiral lamina


UBERON:0001871 : temporal lobe   
OLD: Temporal lobe is the ventrolateral lobe of five lobes comprising each cerebral hemisphere. It is bounded dorsally by the lateral fissure and posteriorly by an arbitrary border shared with the occipital lobe.
NEW: Lower lateral part of the cerebral hemisphere. (MSH)


UBERON:0001872 : parietal lobe   
OLD: Parietal lobe is the one of five lobes of the cerebral hemisphere which occupies the dorsal-posterior portion of the hemisphere. It is bounded by the central sulcus on its anterior border and and by the longitudinal cerebral fissure on its medial border. Posteriorly it shares an arbitrary border with the occipital lobe.
NEW: Upper central part of the cerebral hemisphere. (MSH)


UBERON:0001887 : internal capsule of telencephalon   
OLD: An organ subdivision of the telencephalon which is made up primarily of myelinated axonal neural tissue (white matter). The internal capsule is a major set of fiber bundles lateral to the thalamus and caudate nucleus and medial to the putamen and globus pallidus. It projects dorsally to the white matter underlying the cerebral cortex.
NEW: White matter regional part of brain which is flanked by nuclear masses, consisting of both afferent and efferent fibers projecting between the cerebral cortex and the brainstem and spinal cord. It consists of three distinct parts: an anterior limb, posterior limb, and genu. (Adapted from MSH by Maryann Martone).


UBERON:0001888 : lateral olfactory stria   
(was lateral olfactory tract)
OLD: The lateral olfactory stria is directed across the lateral part of the anterior perforated substance and then bends abruptly medialward toward the uncus of the hippocampal gyrus.
NEW: White matter tract that contains projections from the olfactory bulb to the olfactory cortex (Maryann Martone).


UBERON:0001897 : dorsal plus ventral thalamus   
OLD: A midline paired symmetrical structure within the brains of vertebrates, including humans. It is situated between the cerebral cortex and midbrain, both in terms of location and neurological connections. Its function includes relaying sensation, special sense and motor signals to the cerebral cortex, along with the regulation of consciousness, sleep and alertness. The thalamus surrounds the third ventricle. It is the main product of the embryonic diencephalon.
NEW: Subcortical brain region consisting of paired gray matter bodies in the dorsal diencephalon and forming part of the lateral wall of the third ventricle of the brain. The thalamus represents the major portion of the diencephalon and is commonly divided into cellular aggregates known as nuclear groups.(MeSH).  The dorsal topographic division of the interbrain. The macrodissected adult human thalamus was clearly illustrated by Vesalius in 1543 and the term as defined here was introduced by His in 1893. It includes the traditional epithalamus, dorsal thalamus, and ventral thalamus of Herrick (1910, pp. 494, 498). Also see Kuhlenbeck (1927, Ch. 9) and Jones (1985, p. 87).


UBERON:0001899 : epithalamus   
OLD: The epithalamus is the small dorsomedial area of the thalamus including the habenular nuclei and associated fiber bundles, the pineal body, and the epithelial roof of the third ventricle[GO]. a dorsal posterior segment of the diencephalon (a segment in the middle of the brain also containing the hypothalamus and the thalamus) which includes the habenula, the stria medullaris and the pineal body. Its function is the connection between the limbic system to other parts of the brain[WP] Some functions of its components include the secretion of melatonin by the pineal gland. 
NEW: Most dorsal part of the thalamus, comprising the pineal gland and habenular nuclei in most vertebrates.  In a few vertebrates, it also includes the parietal eye. (Butler and Hodos, Comparative Vertebrate Neuroanatomy, 2nd ed, 2005, pg. 345-346.


UBERON:0001901 : epithelium of trachea   
OLD: An epithelium that is part of a trachea.
NEW: the epithelial lining of the trachea which contains numerous ciliated cells


UBERON:0001905 : pineal body   
OLD: The pineal body is an unpaired glandular organ subdivision shaped somewhat like a pine cone. It is attached on the midline near the posterior and habenular commissures of the epithalamus.
NEW: A midline, cone like structure located in the dorso-caudal roof of the 3rd ventricle, attached by peduncles to the habenular and posterior commissures. The stalk contains nerve fibers, blood vessels, connective tissue and parenchymal cells (Paxinos, The Rat Central Nervous System, 2nd ed, pg 399).


UBERON:0001926 : lateral geniculate body   
OLD: The lateral geniculate nucleus is the primary processor of visual information received from the retina[GO].
NEW: the group of neurons that serve as the primary processor of visual information received from the retina via the optic tract and send processed information to the visual cortex of the occipital lobe


UBERON:0001927 : medial geniculate body   
OLD: The Medial Geniculate Nucleus (MGN) or Medial Geniculate Body (MGB) is part of the auditory thalamus and represents the thalamic relay between the inferior colliculus (IC) and the auditory cortex (AC). It is made up of a number of sub-nuclei that are distinguished by their neuronal morphology and density, by their afferent and efferent connections, and by the coding properties of their neurons. It is thought that the MGB influences the direction and maintenance of attention. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Nuclear complex of the thalamus situated on the caudal, subpial aspect of the thalamus (Brodal, Neurological Anatomy, 3rd ed., 1981, pg 622).


UBERON:0001930 : paraventricular nucleus of hypothalamus   
OLD: The paraventricular nucleus (PVN) is a neuronal nucleus in the hypothalamus. It contains multiple subpopulations of neurons that are activated by a variety of stressful and/or physiological changes. Many PVH neurons project directly to the posterior pituitary where they release oxytocin or vasopressin into the general circulation. Other PVN neurons control various anterior pituitary functions, while still others directly regulate appetite and autonomic functions in the brainstem and spinal cord. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Nucleus in the anterior part of the hypothalamus. (MSH) * one of the magnocellular hypothalamic nuclei, an elongated plate of large, deeply staining cells located close to the third ventricle in the anterior hypothalamic area; major source of oxytocin and to a lesser extent, of antidiuretic hormone, neurohormones, which are carried to the neurohypophysis along the paraventriculohypophysial tract. (CSP)


UBERON:0001947 : red nucleus   
OLD: The red nucleus is a structure in the rostral midbrain involved in motor coordination. It comprises a caudal magnocellular and a rostral parvocellular part. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Large round nucleus located in the midbrain tegmentum, consisting of a magnocellular and parvicellular portion in most species studied.


UBERON:0001959 : white pulp of spleen   
OLD: The white pulp contains T cells, B cells and accessory cells. The function of the white pulp is to mount an immunological response to antigens within the blood. The white pulp is present in the form of a periarteriolar lymphoid sheath. This sheath contains B cell follicles and T cells. At the edge of the T zone is a region known as the marginal zone where larger lymphocytes and antigen presenting dendritic cells are located.
NEW: the parenchymatous tissue of the spleen that surrounds splenic blood vessels, consists of compact masses of lymphatic cells and is where foreign material removed from the blood is used to initiate an immune reaction that results in the production of antibodies


UBERON:0001976 : epithelium of esophagus   
OLD: An epithelium that is part of a esophagus.
NEW: the epithelial layer that lines the luminal space of the esophagus


UBERON:0001979 : venule   
OLD: Subdivision of venous tree (organ) which is directly continuous with the capillary vessel.
NEW: One of the minute vessels that collect deoxygenated blood from the capillary plexuses returns it to the veins


UBERON:0001983 : crypt of Lieberkuhn   
OLD: A tubular gland found in the epithelial lining of the intestine and colon.
NEW: the tubular intestinal glands found in the mucosal membranes


UBERON:0001990 : middle cervical ganglion   
OLD: The middle cervical ganglion is the smallest of the three cervical ganglia, and is occasionally absent. It is placed opposite the sixth cervical vertebra, usually in front of, or close to, the inferior thyroid artery. It is probably formed by the coalescence of two ganglia corresponding to the fifth and sixth cervical nerves. It sends gray rami communicantes to the fifth and sixth cervical nerves, and gives off the middle cardiac nerve. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the small ganglion located at the level of the cricoid cartilage of the laryngeal wall


UBERON:0002012 : pulmonary artery   
OLD: The pulmonary arteries carry blood from heart to the lungs. They are the only arteries (other than umbilical arteries in the fetus) that carry deoxygenated blood. In the human heart, the pulmonary trunk (pulmonary artery or main pulmonary artery) begins at the base of the right ventricle. It is short and wide - approximately 5 cm (2 inches) in length and 3 cm (1.2 inches) in diameter. It then branches into two pulmonary arteries (left and right), which deliver deoxygenated blood to the corresponding lung. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: An artery that carries deoxygenated blood from heart to the lungs. They are the only arteries (other than umbilical arteries in the fetus) that carry deoxygenated blood..


UBERON:0002015 : kidney capsule   
OLD: The renal capsule is a tough fibrous layer surrounding the kidney and covered in a thick layer of ' adipose tissue. It provides some protection from trauma and damage. The renal capsule relates to the other layers in the following order (moving from innermost to outermost): renal medulla renal cortex renal capsule perinephric fat (or 'perirenal fat') renal fascia paranephric fat (or 'pararenal fat') peritoneum (anteriorly), and transversalis fascia (posteriorly). [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the tough fibrous layer surrounding the kidney which is covered in a thick layer of perirenal adipose tissue that functions to provide some protection from trauma and damage


UBERON:0002019 : accessory XI nerve   
OLD: A nerve that controls specific muscles of the shoulder and neck.
NEW: A cranial nerve that  originates from neurons in the medulla and in the cervical spinal cord.


UBERON:0002021 : occipital lobe   
OLD: Occipital lobe is the one of five lobes of the cerebral hemisphere which occupies the posterior-most portion of the hemisphere. Anteriorly, it shares an arbitrary border with the parietal lobe and temporal lobe. Medially, it is bounded by the longitudinal cerebral fissure.
NEW: Posterior part of the cerebral hemisphere (MSH)


UBERON:0002022 : insula   
OLD: The insula is the one of five lobes of the cerebral hemisphere. It lies in the depths of the lateral fissure and is covered by portions of the frontal, parietal and temporal lobes.
NEW: Gray matter of the insular region of the neocortex. In gyrencephalic animals, it is part of the insular lobe and lies in the depths of the lateral fissure and covered by portions of the frontal, parietal and temporal lobes. It includes Brodmann areas 13-16.


UBERON:0002025 : stratum basale of epidermis   
OLD: Deepest layer of the layers of the epidermis[WP].
NEW: the deepest layer of the epidermis, which is composed of dividing stem cells and anchoring cells


UBERON:0002026 : stratum spinosum of epidermis   
OLD: A layer of the epidermis found between the stratum granulosum and stratum basale. Has cells that produce and secrete bipolar lipids which prevent evaporation, helping to 'water-proof' the skin. Keratinization begins in the stratum spinosum.
NEW: the layer of polyhedral cells in the epidermis found between the stratum granulosum and stratum basale; shrinkage and adhesion of these cells gives a spiny or prickly appearance


UBERON:0002027 : stratum corneum of epidermis   
OLD: outermost cornified layer of the epidermis, composed of large, flat, polyhedral, plate-like envelopes filled with keratin, which is made up of dead cells that have migrated up from the stratum granulosum.
NEW: the outer layer of the epidermis, consisting of several layers of flat keratinized non-nucleated cells


UBERON:0002034 : suprachiasmatic nucleus   
OLD: The suprachiasmatic nucleus, or nuclei, (SCN), a tiny region on the brain's midline in a shallow impression of the optic chiasm, is responsible for controlling endogenous circadian rhythms. The neuronal and hormonal activities it generates regulate many different body functions over a 24-hour period. The SCN, pine cone shaped and the size of a grain of rice, interacts with many other regions of the brain. It contains several cell types and several different peptides and neurotransmitters. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: * An ovoid densely packed collection of small cells of the anterior hypothalamus lying close to the midline in a shallow impression of the optic chiasm. (MSH) * small group of nerve cell bodies in the supraoptic region of the hypothalamus, just above the optic chiasm; influences rhythmic aspects of hypothalamic functions in many vertebrate species. (CSP)


UBERON:0002053 : zona glomerulosa of adrenal gland   
OLD: The zona glomerulosa of the adrenal gland is the most superficial layer of the adrenal cortex, lying directly beneath the adrenal gland's capsule. Its cells are ovoid in shape and are arranged in clusters or arches. In response to increased potassium levels, renin or decreased blood flow to the kidneys, cells of the zona glomerulosa produce and secrete the mineralocorticoid aldosterone into the blood as part of the renin-angiotensin system. Aldosterone regulates the body's concentration of electrolytes, primarily sodium and potassium, by acting on the distal convoluted tubule of kidney nephrons to: increase sodium reabsorption increase potassium excretion increase water reabsorption through osmosis The enzyme aldosterone synthase acts in this location. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the narrow subcapsular outer zone of the adrenal cortex where aldosterone is produced


UBERON:0002054 : zona fasciculata of adrenal gland   
OLD: The zona fasciculata constitutes the middle zone of the adrenal cortex, sitting directly beneath the zona glomerulosa. Constituent cells are organized into bundles or 'fascicles'. The zona fasciculata chiefly produces glucocorticoids (mainly cortisol in the human), which regulates the metabolism of glucose, especially in times of stress (e.g. , part of the fight-or-flight response). This tissue also generates a small amount of weak androgens. In certain animals such as rodents, the lack of 17alpha-hydroxylase results in the synthesis of corticosterone instead of cortisol. Steroid-producing adrenal tumours and hyperplasias of the zona fasciculata result in excess cortisol production and are the cause for adrenal Cushing's syndrome. The genetic disorder McCune-Albright syndrome can also present Cushing's syndrome in affected patients. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the wide middle zone of the adrenal cortex that produces cortisol (hydrocortisone)


UBERON:0002055 : zona reticularis of adrenal gland   
OLD: The zona reticularis is the innermost layer of the adrenal cortex, lying deep to the zona fasciculata and superficial to the adrenal medulla. The cells are arranged cords that project in different directions giving a net-like appearance (L. reticulum - net). Cells in the zona reticularis produce precursor androgens including dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) and androstenedione from cholesterol. DHEA is further converted to DHEA-sulfate via a sulfotransferase, SULT2A1. These precursors are not further converted in the adrenal cortex as the cells lack 3beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase. Instead, they are released into the blood stream and taken up in the testis and ovaries to produce testosterone and the estrogens respectively. In some animals like rodents, the reticularis layer does contain 3beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase, which along with other enzymes present results in the production of corticosteroids like the fasciculata. In rodents too, the lack of 17alpha-hydroxylase results in the synthesis of corticosterone instead of cortisol as in the human. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the inner zone of the adrenal cortex that produces the enzymes that convert pregnenolone, a 21-carbon steroid, to 19-carbon steroids


UBERON:0002059 : submandibular ganglion   
OLD: The submandibular ganglion (or submaxillary ganglion in older texts) is part of the human autonomic nervous system. It is one of four parasympathetic ganglia of the head and neck.. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the ganglion associated with the lingual nerve that provides postsynaptic fibers to the submandibular and sublingual glands


UBERON:0002063 : sinus venosus   
OLD: The sinus venosus is a large cardiac chamber which precedes the atrium on the venous side of the chordate heart.
NEW: The sinus venosus is a large cardiac chamber at the inflow tract that receives venous blood from systemic circulation. precedes the atrium on the venous side of the chordate heart.


UBERON:0002069 : stratum granulosum of epidermis   
OLD: A layer of the epidermis found between the stratum corneum (and possibly stratum lucidum) and stratum spinosum.[1] In this layer, keratinocytes are now called granular cells, and contain keratohyalin and lamellar granules.
NEW: the layer of flattened cells containing basophilic granules of keratohyalin and lying just above the stratum spinosum (spiny layer) of the epidermis


UBERON:0002106 : spleen   
OLD: Organ found in virtually all vertebrate animals with important roles in regard to red blood cells and the immune system.
NEW: the organ that functions to filter blood and to store red corpuscles and platelets


UBERON:0002115 : jejunum   
OLD: The jejunum is the middle section of the small intestine in most higher vertebrates, including mammals, reptiles, and birds. In fish, the divisions of the small intestine are not as clear and the terms middle intestine or mid-gut may be used instead of jejunum. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the portion of the small intestine that extends from the duodenum to the ileum


UBERON:0002116 : ileum   
OLD: The ileum is the final section of the small intestine in most higher vertebrates, including mammals, reptiles, and birds. In fish, the divisions of the small intestine are not as clear and the terms posterior intestine or distal intestine may be used instead of ileum. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the portion of the small intestine that extends from the jejunum to the colon


UBERON:0002123 : cortex of thymus   
OLD: Cortical portion of thymus, mainly composed of lymphoid cells, supported by a network of finely-branched epithelial reticular cells, which is continuous with a similar network in the medullary portion. This network forms an adventitia to the blood vessels. The cortex is the location of the earliest events in thymocyte development, where T cell receptor gene rearrangement and positive selection takes place.
NEW: the outer part of a thymus lobule that surrounds the medulla and is composed of closely packed lymphocytes


UBERON:0002128 : superior olivary complex   
OLD: The superior olivary nucleus is a small cylindrical mass on the dorsal surface of the lateral part of the trapezoid body of the pons, and it is situated immediately above the inferior olivary nucleus. It receives projections from the cochlear nucleus and thus is involved in the perception of sound[GO].
NEW: A a collection of brainstem nuclei that functions in multiple aspects of hearing and is an important component of the ascending and descending auditory pathways of the auditory system.


UBERON:0002131 : anterior lobe of cerebellum   
OLD: The anterior lobe of cerebellum is the portion of the cerebellum responsible for mediating unconscious proprioception. In alcoholics, it can deteriorate. It is sometimes equated to the 'paleocerebellum'. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the region of the cerebellum that is anterior to the primary fissure


UBERON:0002132 : dentate nucleus   
OLD: The Dentate nucleus is located within the deep white matter of each cerebellar hemisphere. It is the largest of the four deep cerebellar nuclei, the others being the fastigial nucleus and the interposed nucleus (globose and emboliform nuclei combined). It is responsible for the planning, initiation and control of volitional movements. It therefore receives its afferents from the premotor cortex and the supplementary motor cortex. Its efferents project via the superior cerebellar peduncle through the red nucleus to the ventrolateral thalamus (crossing over at the pontomesencephalic junction). It consists of an irregularly folded, of a grayish-yellow color, containing white fibers, and presenting on its antero-medial aspect an opening, the hilus, from which most of the fibers of the superior peduncle emerge. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the largest and most lateral of the deep cerebellum nuclei; it receives axons of Purkinje cells in the lateral cerebellar hemisphere (neocerebellum) and receives its afferents from the premotor cortex and the supplementary motor cortex through the pontocerebellar system, and its efferents project through the superior cerebellar peduncle and is a major source of its fibers


UBERON:0002141 : parvocellular oculomotor nucleus   
OLD: The Edinger-Westphal nucleus (also known as the accessory oculomotor nucleus) is the accessory parasympathetic cranial nerve nucleus of the oculomotor nerve, supplying the constricting muscles of the iris. Alternatively, the Edinger-Westphal nucleus is a term often used to refer to the adjacent population of non-preganglionic neurons that do not project to the ciliary ganglion, but rather project to the spinal cord, dorsal raphe nucleus, and septal nuclei. Unlike the classical, preganglionic Edinger-Westphal neurons that contain choline acetyltransferase, neurons of the non-preganglionic Edinger-Westphal nucleus have been shown to contain various stress- and feeding-related neuropeptides, such as Urocortin and cocaine- and amphetamine-regulated transcript. Proper nomenclature for this distinct brain region has not yet been established. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Nucleus that is part of the oculomotor nerve complex consisting of preganglionic parasympathetic neurons situated close to the midline at the level of the superior colliculus (Heimer, the Human Brain and Spinal Cord, 1994, pg 244)


UBERON:0002149 : superior salivatory nucleus   
OLD: visceromotor cranial nerve nucleus located in the pontine tegmentum.
NEW: Nucleus containing parasympathetic neurons giving rise to the parasympathetic division of the facial nerve, innervating the salivary glands (Brodal, Neurological Anatomy, 3rd ed., 1981, pg 703).


UBERON:0002150 : superior cerebellar peduncle   
OLD: The superior cerebellar peduncles (brachium conjunctivum), two in number, emerge from the upper and medial part of the white substance of the hemispheres and are placed under cover of the upper part of the cerebellum. They are joined to each other across the middle line by the anterior medullary velum, and can be followed upward as far as the inferior colliculi, under which they disappear. Below, they form the upper lateral boundaries of the fourth ventricle, but as they ascend they converge on the dorsal aspect of the ventricle and thus assist in roofing it in. All fibers (except vestibular fibers to the vestibular nuclei through the inferior cerebellar peduncle) carrying information from the cerebellum to the midbrain and pons pass through the superior cerebellar peduncle. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: A composite structure of the brain stem, which in NeuroNames is subdivided into the superior cerebellar peduncle of pons, the decussation of superior cerebellar peduncle and the superior cerebellar peduncle of midbrain (MM).


UBERON:0002151 : pontine nuclear group   
OLD: The pontine nuclei are a part of the pons which store the memory of intention during motor activity. Corticopontine fibres carry information from the primary motor cortex to the ipsilateral pontine nucleus in the ventral pons, and the pontocerebellar projection then carries that information to the contralateral cerebellum via the middle cerebellar peduncle. They therefore allow modification of actions in the light of their outcome, or error correction, and are hence important in learning motor skills. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Nuclei in the basal pons, intermingled among the descending axons from the cortex, that receive neocrotcial input and give rise to many axons that cross the midline to enter the contralateral cerebellum (Butler and Hodos, Comparative Vertebrate Neuroanatomy, 2nd ed., 2005, pg 135)


UBERON:0002152 : middle cerebellar peduncle   
OLD: The middle cerebellar peduncles (brachia pontis) are composed entirely of centripetal fibers, which arise from the cells of the nuclei pontis of the opposite side and end in the cerebellar cortex; the fibers are arranged in three fasciculi, superior, inferior, and deep. The superior fasciculus, the most superficial, is derived from the upper transverse fibers of the pons; it is directed backward and lateralward superficial to the other two fasciculi, and is distributed mainly to the lobules on the inferior surface of the cerebellar hemisphere and to the parts of the superior surface adjoining the posterior and lateral margins. The inferior fasciculus is formed by the lowest transverse fibers of the pons; it passes under cover of the superior fasciculus and is continued downward and backward more or less parallel with it, to be distributed to the folia on the under surface close to the vermis. The deep fasciculus comprises most of the deep transverse fibers of the pons. It is at first covered by the superior and inferior fasciculi, but crosses obliquely and appears on the medial side of the superior, from which it receives a bundle; its fibers spread out and pass to the upper anterior cerebellar folia. The fibers of this fasciculus cover those of the restiform body. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Regional part of medullary white matter (according to Neuronames) primarily found at the level of the pons,  consisting of a very large bundle of fibers originating in the pontine nuclei projecting to the cerebellum (MM).


UBERON:0002153 : fastigial nucleus   
OLD: The fastigial nucleus or nucleus fastigii refers specifically to the concentration of gray matter nearest to the middle line at the anterior end of the superior vermis, and immediately over the roof of the fourth ventricle, from which it is separated by a thin layer of white matter. It is smaller than the nucleus dentatus, but somewhat larger than the nucleus emboliformis and nucleus globosus, the other two independent centers of gray matter in the cerebellum. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the most medial of the cerebellar nuclei; it receives its afferent input from Purkinje cells of the flocculonodular lobe and the vermis, and most of its efferent connections travel via the inferior cerebellar peduncle to the vestibular nuclei and to the medullary reticular formation


UBERON:0002155 : gigantocellular nucleus   
OLD: Nucleus located in the rostral ventrolateral medulla.  The PGL was originally identified by cytoarchitectural criteria in the human medulla (Olszewski and Baxter, 1954). In humans, the PGL is located in the ventrolateral quadrant of the rostral medullary tegmentum between the nucleus subtrigeminalis caudally, trapezoid body and the superior olive rostrally, nucleus gigantocellularis medially, spinothalamic tract fibers laterally, inferior olive ventrally, and the nucleus ambiguous dorsally (Olszewski and Baxter, 1954). In the rat, the PGL has been further subdivided into retrofacial PGL (caudal to the facial nucleus), and more rostrally located juxtafacial PGL (medial to the facial nucleus), based upon different connectivity.
NEW: Nucleus located in the rostral ventrolateral medulla. The PGL was originally identified by cytoarchitectural criteria in the human medulla (Olszewski and Baxter, 1954). In humans, the PGL is located in the ventrolateral quadrant of the rostral medullary tegmentum between the nucleus subtrigeminalis caudally, trapezoid body and the superior olive rostrally, nucleus gigantocellularis medially, spinothalamic tract fibers laterally, inferior olive ventrally, and the nucleus ambiguous dorsally (Olszewski and Baxter, 1954). In the rat, the PGL has been further subdivided into retrofacial PGL (caudal to the facial nucleus), and more rostrally located juxtafacial PGL (medial to the facial nucleus), based upon different connectivity.


UBERON:0002161 : gracile nucleus   
OLD: Located in the medulla oblongata, the gracile nucleus is one of the dorsal column nuclei that participate in the sensation of fine touch and proprioception of the lower body (legs and trunk). It contains second-order neurons of the dorsal column-medial lemniscus system, which receive inputs from sensory neurons of the dorsal root ganglia and send axons that synapse in the thalamus. The neurons contained within the nucleus form a visible bump called the gracile tubercle on the posterior side of the closed medulla at the floor of the fourth ventricle. The gracile nucleus and fasciculus carry epicritic, kinesthetic, and conscious proprioceptive information from the lower part of the body (below the level of T6 in the spinal cord). The counterpart to the gracile nucleus and fasciculus is the cuneate nucleus and fasciculus, which carries the same type of information, but from the upper body (above T6, excepting the face and ear - the information from the face and ear is carried by the primary sensory trigeminal nucleus). [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Nucleus in the caudal medulla that receive projections primarily from ipsilateral dorsal root ganglion cells via the posterior column of the spinal cord


UBERON:0002163 : inferior cerebellar peduncle   
OLD: The upper part of the posterior district of the medulla oblongata is occupied by the inferior peduncle, a thick rope-like strand situated between the lower part of the fourth ventricle and the roots of the glossopharyngeal and vagus nerves. Each cerebellar inferior peduncle connects the medulla spinalis and medulla oblongata with the cerebellum, and comprises the juxtarestiform body and restiform body. Important fibers running through the inferior cerebellar peduncle include the spinocerebellar tract and axons from the inferior olivary nucleus, among others. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Regional part of medullary white matter (according to Neuronames) primarily found at the level of the open medulla, consisting of a large bundle of fibers projecting to and projecting from the cerebellum.  The icp is continuous with the dorsal spinocerebellar tract and also contains a large number of fibers originating in the inferior olivary complex (MM).


UBERON:0002173 : pulmonary alveolar duct   
OLD: Alveolar ducts are the tiny end ducts of the branching airways that fill the lungs. Each lung holds approximately 1.5 to 2 million of them. The tubules divide into two or three alveolar sacs at the distal end. They are formed from the confluence openings of several alveoli. Distal terminations of alveolar ducts are atria which then end in alveolar sacs. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the respiratory conducting tubes distal to the respiratory bronchiole that lead to the alveolar sacs and the alveoli


UBERON:0002185 : bronchus   
OLD: A portion of the airway that connects to the lungs[GO].
NEW: the upper conducting airways of the lung; these airways arise from the terminus of the trachea


UBERON:0002186 : bronchiole   
OLD: The first airway branch that no longer contains cartilage; it is a branch of the bronchus[GO].
NEW: the conducting airway of the lungs found terminal to the bronchi; these structures contain neither cartilage nor mucous-secreting glands; the epithelium of the bronchioles becomes thinner with each branching


UBERON:0002187 : terminal bronchiole   
OLD: A terminal bronchiole is a bronchiole at the end of the conducting zone. At the transition into the respiratory zone, alveoli become present. The terminal bronchiole is the most distal segment of the conducting zone. Each of the terminal bronchioles divides to form respiratory bronchioles which contain a small number of alveoli. Terminal bronchioles are lined with simple cuboidal epithelium containing Clara cells. Terminal bronchioles contain a limited number of ciliated cells and no goblet cells. Clara cells are non-ciliated, rounded protein secreting cells. Their secretions are a nonsticky, proteinaceous compound to maintain the airway in the smallest bronchioles. The secretion, called surfactant, reduces surface tension allowing for bronchioles to expand during inspiration and keeping the bronchioles from collapsing during expiration. Clara cells, a stem cell of the respiratory system, produce enzymes that detoxify substances dissolved in the respiratory fluid. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the last conducting structure of non-respiratory bronchioles; after this point, the airways have alveoli in their walls


UBERON:0002191 : subiculum   
OLD: The subiculum is the most inferior component of the hippocampal formation. It lies between the entorhinal cortex and the CA1 subfield of the hippocampus proper. It receives input from CA1 and entorhinal cortical layer III pyramidal neurons and is the main output of the hippocampus. The pyramidal neurons send projections to the nucleus accumbens, septal nuclei, prefrontal cortex, lateral hypothalamus, nucleus reuniens, mammillary nuclei, entorhinal cortex and amygdala. The pyramidal neurons in the subiculum exhibit transitions between two modes of action potential output: bursting and single spiking. The transitions between these two modes is thought to be important for routing information out of the hippocampus. It is the site responsible for ictal activity in some cases of human epilepsy. It has also been implicated in working memory and drug addiction. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Part of the hippocampal formation that is bounded by the entorhinal cortex and area CA1.  It is characterized on the CA1 border by an abrupt widening of the pyramidal cell layer. A molecular layer is present that is continuous with that of CA1, although the stratum radiatum is no longer present. The stratum oriens is also not present.  adapted from Paxinos, G. The rat central nervous system, 2nd ed, Academic Press, San Diego, 1995, pg. 468)


UBERON:0002197 : median eminence of neurohypophysis   
OLD: The median eminence is part of the inferior boundary for the hypothalamus part of the human brain. A small swelling on the tuber cinereum posterior to the infundibulum - atop the pituitary stalk - the median eminence lies in the area roughly bounded on its posterolateral region by the cerebral peduncles, and on its anterolateral region by the optic chiasm. The median eminence is one of the seven areas of the brain devoid of a blood-brain barrier. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Elevation on the ventral surface of the brain located at the zone of attachment between the hypothalamic floor and the hypophysis (Butler and Hodos, Comparative Vertebrate Neuroanatomy, 2nd ed., 2005, pg. 446).


UBERON:0002206 : mammillary body   
OLD: The mammilary body is a protrusion at the posterior end of the hypothalamus that contains hypothalamic nuclei[GO].
NEW: One of two hemispherical bulges on the base of the posterior hypothalamus (Butler and Hodos, Comparative Vertebrate Neuroanatomy, 2nd ed., 2005, pg 455).


UBERON:0002211 : nerve root   
OLD: The initial segment of a nerve leaving the central nervous system (Wikipedia).
NEW: A continuation of the neuron projection bundle component of a nerve inside, crossing or immediately outside the central nervous system.


UBERON:0002212 : macula of saccule of membranous labyrinth   
OLD: The saccule is the smaller of the two vestibular sacs; it is globular in form, and lies in the recessus sphæricus near the opening of the scala vestibuli of the cochlea. Its anterior part exhibits an oval thickening, the macula of saccule (or saccular macula), to which are distributed the saccular filaments of the acoustic nerve. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the oval neuroepithelial sensory receptor in the anterior wall of the saccule; hair cells of the neuroepithelium support the statoconial membrane and have terminal arborizations of vestibular nerve fibers around their bodies


UBERON:0002214 : macula of utricle of membranous labyrinth   
OLD: The portion of the utricle which is lodged in the recess forms a sort of pouch or cul-de-sac, the floor and anterior wall of which are thickened, and form the macula of utricle (or utricular macula), which receives the utricular filaments of the vestibulocochlear nerve. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the neuroepithelial sensory receptor in the inferolateral wall of the utricle; hair cells of the neuroepithelium support the statoconial membrane and have terminal arborizations of vestibular nerve fibers around their bodies; normally sensitive to linear acceleration in the longitudinal axis of the body and to gravitational influences


UBERON:0002236 : costal cartilage   
OLD: The costal cartilages are bars of hyaline cartilage which serve to prolong the ribs forward and contribute very materially to the elasticity of the walls of the thorax. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the nonvascular, resilient, flexible hyaline connective tissue that connects the end of a true rib to the sternum or the end of a false rib with the with the lower border of the costal cartilage above it


UBERON:0002242 : nucleus pulposus   
OLD: A jelly-like connective tissue in the middle of the spinal disc. It is the remnant of the notochord. It functions to distribute hydraulic pressure in all directions within each disc under compressive loads. The nucleus pulposus consists of chondrocytes, collagen fibrils, and proteoglycan aggrecans that have hyaluronic long chains which attract water. Attached to each hyaluronic chain are side chains of chondroitin sulfate and keratan sulfate[WP].
NEW: the jelly-like substance in the middle of the spinal disc which is a remnant of the notochord


UBERON:0002247 : uterine horn   
OLD: The uterine horns are the points where the uterus and the fallopian tubes meet. It is one of the points of attachment for the round ligament of uterus (the other being the mons pubis). [WP,unvetted].
NEW: either one of the pair of tubular extensions from the uterine body where the uterus and the uterine tubes meet; uterine horns are anterior Mullerian duct-derived structures


UBERON:0002265 : olfactory tract   
OLD: White matter tract that contains projections from the olfactory bulb to the olfactory cortex (Maryann Martone)
NEW: White matter tract that contains projections from the olfactory bulb to other parts of the brain


UBERON:0002288 : choroid plexus of third ventricle   
OLD: A choroid plexus that is part of a third ventricle [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: Part of choroid plexus contained in the third ventricle


UBERON:0002290 : choroid plexus of fourth ventricle   
OLD: A choroid plexus that is part of a fourth ventricle [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: Choroid plexus of the fourth ventricle


UBERON:0002295 : scala media   
OLD: An endolymph filled cavity inside the cochlea, located in between the scala tympani and the scala vestibuli, separated by the basilar membrane and Reissner's membrane (the vestibular membrane) respectively. Scala media houses the organ of Corti. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the division of the spiral canal of the cochlea that contains the organ of Corti (the neuroepithelial receptor organ for hearing)


UBERON:0002302 : myocardium of atrium   
OLD: A myocardium that is part of a cardiac atrium [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the atrial part of middle layer of the heart, comprised of involuntary muscle


UBERON:0002307 : choroid plexus of lateral ventricle   
OLD: A choroid plexus that is part of a lateral ventricle [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: Part of choroid plexus contained in the lateral ventricle


UBERON:0002333 : pulmonary trunk   
OLD: Pulmonary arterial trunk which is continuous with the right ventricle.[FMA]
NEW: An arterial trunk which is continuous with the heart and branches into the pulmonary arteries.


UBERON:0002334 : submandibular duct   
OLD: The submandibular duct (Wharton's duct, submaxillary duct) is one of the salivary ducts. It is about 5 cm. long, and its wall is much thinner than that of the parotid duct. It begins by numerous branches from the deep surface of the gland, and runs forward between the mylohyoideus, hyoglossus, and genioglossus, then between the sublingual gland and the genioglossus, and opens by a narrow orifice on the summit of a small at the side of the frenulum linguæ. On the hyoglossus it lies between the lingual and hypoglossal nerves, but at the anterior border of the muscle it is crossed laterally by the lingual nerve; the terminal branches of the lingual nerve ascend on its medial side. It drains saliva from the submandibular glands and sublingual glands to the sublingual caruncle at the base of the tongue. It was initially described by the English anatomist Thomas Wharton and sometimes referred to by his name. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the duct of the submadibular gland that opens at the sublingual papilla near the frenulum of the tongue


UBERON:0002336 : corpus callosum   
OLD: A thick bundle of nerve fibers comprising a commissural plate connecting the two cerebral hemispheres. It consists of contralateral axon projections that provides communications between the right and left cerebral hemispheres[GO].
NEW: White matter structure containing massive numbers of commissural fibers connecting cortical areas in the two cerebral hemispheres.it is subdivided into a genu, a rostrum, a body, and a splenium.  (MM)


UBERON:0002349 : myocardium   
OLD: middle muscular layer of the heart wall[M-W]. Muscle layer of organ which has as its parts the myocardium proper and the conducting system of the heart[FMA].
NEW: the middle layer of the heart, comprised mainly of striated cardiac muscle fibers


UBERON:0002371 : bone marrow   
OLD: flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones. In adults, marrow in large bones produces new blood cells[WP].
NEW: the soft tissue that fills the cavities of bones


UBERON:0002372 : tonsil   
OLD: Portion of lymphoid tissue on either side of the throat.
NEW: either of the two small almond-shaped masses of lymph tissue found on either side of the oropharynx


UBERON:0002392 : nasolacrimal duct   
OLD: The nasolacrimal duct (sometimes called tear duct) carries tears from the lacrimal sac into the nasal cavity. Excess tears flow through nasolacrimal duct which opens in the nose. This is the reason the nose starts to run when a person is crying or has watery eyes from an allergy, and why one can sometimes taste eye drops. Like the lacrimal sac, the duct is lined by stratified columnar epithelium containing mucus-secreting goblet cells, and is surrounded by connective tissue. Obstruction of the nasolacrimal duct leads to the excess overflow of tears called epiphora. A congenital obstruction can cause cystic expansion of the duct and is called a dacrocystocele or Timo cyst. Persons with dry eye conditions can be fitted with punctal plugs that seal the ducts to limit the amount of fluid drainage and retain moisture. The canal containing the nasolacrimal duct is called the nasolacrimal canal. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the paired channels leading from the lacrimal sacs to the inferior meatus of the nose, through which tears are conducted through the nasal cavity


UBERON:0002411 : clitoris   
OLD: The clitoris is a sexual organ that is present only in female mammals. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the small, erectile body located at the anterior end of the vulva


UBERON:0002432 : pars intermedia of adenohypophysis   
OLD: A boundary between the anterior and posterior lobes of the pituitary. It contains three types of cells: basophils, chromophobes, and colloid-filled cysts. The cysts are the remainder of Rathke's pouch. In human fetal life, this area produces melanocyte stimulating hormone or MSH which causes the release of melanin pigment in skin melanocytes (pigment cells). However, the pars intermedia is normally either very small or entirely absent in adulthood. In lower vertebrates (fish, amphibians) MSH from the pars intermedia is responsible for darkening of the skin, often in response to changes in background color. This color change is due to MSH stimulating the dispersion of melanin pigment in dermal (skin) melanophore cells.
NEW: the thin boundary between the adenohypophysis and neurohypophysis of the pituitary that produces melanocyte stimulating hormone (MSH); this area is small or absent in mammalian adults


UBERON:0002434 : pituitary stalk   
OLD: The pituitary stalk (also known as the infundibular stalk or simply the infundibulum) is the connection between the hypothalamus and the posterior pituitary. It carries axons from the magnocellular neurosecretory cells of the hypothalamus down to the posterior pituitary where they release their hormones into the blood. This connection is called the hypothalamohypophyseal tract, and is responsible for the release of oxytocin and antidiuretic hormone[WP].
NEW: the apical portion of the tubular structure extending from the hypothalamus to the posterior lobe of the pituitary gland


UBERON:0002441 : cervicothoracic ganglion   
OLD: The stellate ganglion (or cervicothoracic ganglion) is a sympathetic ganglion formed by the fusion of the inferior cervical ganglion and the first thoracic ganglion. Stellate ganglion is located at the level of C7, anterior to the transverse process of C7, posterior to the neck of the first rib, and just below the subclavian artery. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the group of neurons formed by the fusion of the inferior cervical and first thoracic ganglia


UBERON:0002444 : lens fiber   
OLD: The lens fibers form the bulk of the lens. They are long, thin, transparent cells, with diameters typically between 4-7 micrometres and lengths of up to 12 mm long.
NEW: the elongated cells of the crystalline lens of the eye


UBERON:0002453 : ethmoid sinus   
OLD: The ethmoid sinus, one of the paranasal sinuses, is the collective name for the ethmoidal air cells. Each ethmoid sinus is an air-space enclosed within the ethmoid bone. The ethmoidal air cells consist of numerous thin-walled cavities situated in the ethmoidal labyrinth and completed by the frontal, maxilla, lacrimal, sphenoidal, and palatine bones. They lie between the upper parts of the nasal cavities and the orbits, and are separated from these cavities by thin bony laminæ. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the evaginations of the mucous membrane of the nasal cavity into the ethmoidal bony labyrinth, forming multiple small paranasal sinuses


UBERON:0002478 : orbitosphenoid   
OLD: One of two thin triangular plates, which arise from the upper and anterior parts of the body, and, projecting lateralward, end in sharp points.
NEW: the bone that is situated in the orbit on either side of the presphenoid; it generally forms a part of the sphenoid in the adult, and may be independent in the young


UBERON:0002483 : trabecular bone tissue   
OLD: Cancellous bone, synonymous with trabecular bone or spongy bone, is one of the two types of osseous tissue that form bones. Compared to compact bone, which is the other type of osseous tissue, it has a higher surface area but is less dense, softer, weaker, and less stiff. It typically occupies the interior region of bones. Cancellous bone is highly vascular and frequently contains red bone marrow where hematopoiesis, which is the production of blood cells, occurs. The primary anatomical and functional unit of cancellous bone is the trabecula. Its Latin name is substantia spongiosa or substantia spongiosa ossium. The words cancellous and trabecular refer to the tiny, lattice-shaped that form the tissue. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: bone tissue that has a lattice-like or spongy structure; it is highly vascular and contains intercommunicating spaces filled with bone marrow


UBERON:0002484 : bone marrow cavity   
OLD: The central cavity of bone shafts where red bone marrow and/or yellow bone marrow (adipose tissue) is stored; hence, the medullary cavity is also known as the marrow cavity. Located in the main shaft (cortical bone) of a long bone (diaphysis) (consisting mostly of compact bone), the medullary cavity has walls composed of spongy bone (cancellous bone) and is lined with a thin, vascular membrane (endosteum)
NEW: the medullary cavities of the bones where bone marrow is stored


UBERON:0002486 : glottis   
OLD: The glottis is defined as the combination of the vocal folds and the space in between the folds. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the vocal apparatus of the larynx, which includes the vocal cords and the opening between them


UBERON:0002489 : coronal suture   
OLD: The coronal suture is a dense, fibrous connective tissue joint that separates the frontal and parietal bones of the skull. At birth, the bones of the skull do not meet. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the dense, fibrous connective tissue joint between the tetrapod parietal bones and the frontal bone


UBERON:0002491 : lambdoid suture   
OLD: The lambdoid suture (or lambdoidal suture) is a dense, fibrous connective tissue joint on the posterior aspect of the skull that connects the parietal and temporal bones with the occipital bone. Its name comes from its lambda-like shape. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the dense, fibrous connective tissue joint between the parietal bones and the occipital bone


UBERON:0002492 : sagittal suture   
OLD: The sagittal suture is a dense, fibrous connective tissue joint between the two parietal bones of the skull. At birth, the bones of the skull do not meet. If certain bones of the skull grow too fast then 'premature closure' of the sutures may occur. This can result in skull deformities. If the sagittal suture closes early the skull becomes long, narrow, and wedge-shaped, a condition called 'scaphocephaly. ' Two anatomical landmarks are found on the sagittal suture: the bregma and the vertex of the skull. The bregma is formed by the intersection of the sagittal and coronal sutures, and the vertex is the highest point on the skull and is many times near the midpoint of the sagittal suture. The sagittal suture is also known as the 'interparietal suture' and the 'sutura interparietalis. ' The term is derived from the Latin word Sagitta, meaning 'arrow'. The derivation of this term may be demonstrated by observing how the sagittal suture is notched posteriorly, like an arrow, by the lambdoid suture. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the dense, fibrous connective tissue joint between the tetrapod parietal bones


UBERON:0002493 : uterine artery   
OLD: The uterine artery is an artery in females that supplies blood to the uterus. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the branch of the internal iliac artery that supplies the uterus and the upper part of the vagina


UBERON:0002494 : papillary muscle of heart   
OLD: In anatomy, the papillary muscles of the heart serve to limit the movements of the mitral and tricuspid valves. These muscles contract to tighten the chordae tendineae, which in turn prevent inversion. This occurs in response to pressure gradients. Instead they brace the valves against the high pressure, preventing regurgitation of ventricular blood back into the atrial cavities. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: one of the group of myocardial bundles which terminate in the chordae tendineae that attach to the cusps of the atrioventricular valves; each ventricle has an anterior and a posterior papillary muscle; the right ventricle sometimes has a septal papillary muscle


UBERON:0002498 : deltopectoral crest   
OLD: The deltoid tuberosity is the region on the shaft of the humerus to which the deltoid muscle attaches. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: a rough elevation at the middle of the lateral side of the shaft of the humerus to which the deltoid muscle attaches


UBERON:0002500 : zygomatic arch   
OLD: The zygomatic arch or cheek bone is formed by the zygomatic process of temporal bone (a bone extending forward from the side of the skull, over the opening of the ear) and the temporal process of the zygomatic bone (the side of the cheekbone), the two being united by an oblique suture; the tendon of the Temporalis passes medial to the arch to gain insertion into the coronoid process of the mandible. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the bony arch in vertebrates that extends along the side or front of the skull beneath the eye socket and is formed by the temporal process of the zygomatic bone and the zygomatic process of the temporal bone


UBERON:0002501 : oval window   
OLD: The oval window (or vestibular window) is a membrane-covered opening which leads from the middle ear to the vestibule of the inner ear. Vibrations that come into contact with the tympanic membrane travel through the three ossicles and into the inner ear. The oval window is the intersection of the middle ear with the inner ear, and is directly contacted by the stapes; by the time vibrations reach the oval window, they have been amplified over twenty times from what they were when they contacted the tympanic membrane, a testament to the amplifying power of the middle ear. It is a reniform (kidney-shaped) opening leading from the tympanic cavity into the vestibule of the internal ear; its long diameter is horizontal, and its convex border is upward. In the recent state it is occupied by the base of the stapes, the circumference of which is fixed by the annular ligament to the margin of the foramen. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the oval opening on the medial wall of the tympanic cavity leading into the vestibule, close to the foot of the stapes


UBERON:0002502 : round window of inner ear   
OLD: The round window is one of the two openings into the cochlea of the inner ear. It is closed off from the middle ear by the round window membrane, which vibrates with opposite phase to vibrations entering the cochlea through the oval window. It allows fluid in the cochlea to move, which in turn ensures that hair cells of the basilar membrane will be stimulated and that audition will occur. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the opening on the medial wall of the middle ear leading into the cochlea, closed in life by the secondary tympanic membrane; serves to regulate fluid pressure in the inner ear


UBERON:0002508 : celiac lymph node   
OLD: The visceral glands are associated with the branches of the celiac, superior and inferior mesenteric arteries. Those related to the branches of the celiac artery (the celiac lymph nodes) form three sets, gastric, hepatic, and pancreaticolienal. gastric lymph nodes, hepatic lymph nodes, splenic lymph nodes [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the visceral glands that are associated with the branches of the celiac artery, including the gastric, hepatic, and pancreaticolienal (splenic) lymph nodes


UBERON:0002511 : trabecula carnea   
OLD: An irregular muscular column that projects from the inner surface of the ventricles of the heart..
NEW: the supporting bundles of muscular fibers lining the walls of the ventricles of the heart


UBERON:0002515 : periosteum   
OLD: Periosteum is a membrane that lines the outer surface of all bones, except at the joints of long bones. Endosteum lines the inner surface of all bones. Periosteum consists of dense irregular connective tissue. Periosteum is divided into an outer 'fibrous layer' and inner 'cambium layer' (or 'osteogenic layer'). The fibrous layer contains fibroblasts, while the cambium layer contains progenitor cells that develop into osteoblasts. These osteoblasts are responsible for increasing the width of a long bone and the overall size of the other bone types. After a bone fracture the progenitor cells develop into osteoblasts and chondroblasts, which are essential to the healing process. As opposed to osseous tissue, periosteum has nociceptors nerve endings, making it very sensitive to manipulation. It also provides nourishment by providing the blood supply. Periosteum is attached to bone by strong collagenous fibers called Sharpey's fibres, which extend to the outer circumferential and interstitial lamellae. It also provides an attachment for muscles and tendons. Periosteum that covers the outer surface of the bones of the skull is known as 'pericranium'. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the thick fibrous membrane that closely invests the entire surface of a bone except the articular cartilage at synovial joints


UBERON:0002518 : otolith organ   
OLD: saccule or utricle.
NEW: the crystalline particles composed of calcium carbonate and a protein which adhere to the gelatinous membrane of the maculae of the utricle and saccule (otolithic membrane)


UBERON:0002530 : gland   
OLD: A gland is an organ in an animal's body that synthesizes a substance for release such as hormones or breast milk, often into the bloodstream (endocrine gland) or into cavities inside the body or its outer surface (exocrine gland). A gland is an organ specialised for secretion[GO].
NEW: an organ that functions as a secretory or excretory organ


UBERON:0002552 : vestibulocerebellar tract   
OLD: The vestibulocerebellar tract is a tract in the pontine tegmentum which connects the vestibular nerve and the cerebellar cortex. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: White matter tract containing axons arising in the vestibular ganglion primarily projecting to the ipsilateral cerebellum via the inferior cerebellar peduncle (Heimer, L. The Human Brain, 2nd ed., 1995, pg 370).


UBERON:0002565 : olivary pretectal nucleus   
OLD: The pretectum, also known as the pretectal area, is a region of neurons found between the thalamus and midbrain. It receives binocular sensory input from retinal ganglion cells of the eyes, and is the region responsible for maintaining the pupillary light reflex. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Small distinct nucleus in the pretectum of mammals involved in the pupillary light reflect.  In rats, it is an olive shaped (anterior) nucleus lying ventral to the brachium of the superior colliculus (Paxinos, The rat nervous system, 2nd ed, 1995, pg. 862).  Physiologically, it is identified by neurons sensitive to luminance changes.


UBERON:0002576 : temporal pole   
OLD: The anterior end of the hemisphere is named the frontal pole. The posterior end is named the occipital pole. The anterior end of the temporal lobe, the temporal pole. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Anterior component of the temporal lobe (rostral boundary) extends caudally to the entorhinal cortex.  The medial and lateral boundaries are the medial aspect of the temporal lobe and the superior or inferior temporal sulci, respectively (Christine Fennema-Notestine).


UBERON:0002589 : lateral corticospinal tract   
OLD: The lateral corticospinal tract (also called the crossed pyramidal tract or lateral cerebrospinal fasciculus) is the largest part of the corticospinal tract. It extends throughout the entire length of the medulla spinalis, and on transverse section appears as an oval area in front of the posterior column and medial to the posterior spinocerebellar tract. Its fibres arise from cells in the motor area of the cerebral hemisphere of the opposite side. They pass downward in company with those of the anterior corticospinal tract through the same side of the brain as that from which they originate, but they cross to the opposite side in the medulla oblongata and descend in the lateral funiculus of the medulla spinalis. The lateral corticospinal tract controls movement of contralateral limbs. Control of more central axial and girdle muscles comes from the anterior corticospinal tract. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Part of the corticospinal tract located in the spinal cord, formed as 75 to 90% of the corticospinal fibers cross to the opposite side of the brainstem in the pyramidal decussation. This tract descends the length of the spinal cord in the lateral white column (Adapted from Brain Info)


UBERON:0002592 : juxtarestiform body   
OLD: The juxtarestiform body is a subdivision of the inferior cerebellar peduncle, which comprises both the juxtarestiform and restiform bodies. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Fibers interconnecting the cerebellum and vestibular nuclei, traveling medial to the restiform body (inferior cerebellar peduncle) (Nolte, The Human Brain, 6th ed., pg 497)


UBERON:0002596 : ventral posterior nucleus of thalamus   
OLD: The ventral posterior nucleus is the somato-sensory relay nucleus in thalamus of the brain. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Part of thalamus receiving primary somatic sensory information via the medial lemniscal pathway that projects to the primary somatosensory cortex (adapted from Paxinos, The Rat Nervous System, 2nd Ed, Academic Press, 1995).


UBERON:0002600 : limbic lobe   
OLD: The limbic lobe (also known as the Cingulate) is a portion of the brain associated with functions such as olfaction and emotion. It contains parts of other lobes, including the frontal, parietal, and temporal. Its main components are the fornicate gyrus, the hippocampus, and the amygdala It is related to the term limbic system, but unlike that term, 'limbic lobe' is a part of the Terminologia Anatomica, and there is less disagreement over what is included in the 'limbic lobe' than there is over what is included in the 'limbic system'. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Part of cerebral hemisphere located on the medial surface, forming a ring around the brain stem


UBERON:0002602 : emboliform nucleus   
OLD: The emboliform nucleus lies immediately to the medial side of the nucleus dentatus, and partly covering its hilus. It is one among the four pairs of cerebellar nuclei, which are from lateral to medial: the dentate, interposed (emboliform and globose), and fastigial nuclei. These nuclei can be seen using the Weigert method staining. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the small wedge shaped nucleus interposed between the dentate and fastigial nuclei; it receives axons from Purkinje cells of the intermediate area of the cerebral hemispheres and most of its efferent connections travel via the superior cerebellar peduncle


UBERON:0002616 : regional part of brain   
OLD: A multi-tissue structure that is part of a brain [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: Anatomical divisons of the brain according to one or more criteria, e.g. cytoarchitectural, gross anatomy.  Parts may be contiguous in 3D or not, e.g., basal ganglia.  Regions of brain across multiple species are contained within this category.


UBERON:0002623 : cerebral peduncle   
OLD: The cerebral peduncle, by most classifications, is everything in the mesencephalon except the tectum. The region includes the midbrain tegmentum, crus cerebri, substantia nigra and pretectum. By this definition, the cerebral peduncles are also known as the basis pedunculi, while the large ventral bundle of efferent fibers is referred to as the crus cerebri or the pes pedunculi There are numerous nerve tracts located within this section of the brainstem. Of note, in the cerebral peduncular loop fibers from motor areas of the brain project to the cerebral peduncle and then project to various thalamic nuclei. In as much as the peduncles are an anatomic landmark, for details regarding the function of this area interested readers are referred to the individual referenced articles. On a broad scale, though, this area contains many nerve tracts conveying motor information to and from the brain to the rest of the body. Important fibers running through the cerebral peduncles include the corticospinal tract and the corticobulbar tract, among others. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Synonym for macrodissected adult human tegmentum (Vicq d'Azyr, 1784; Swanson, 2000); pp. 555-556. Later used thus by for example His (1893b, p. 178), Herrick (1915, p. 160), Strong & Elwyn (1943, p. 17), Carpenter (1976, p. 367), Williams & Warwick (1980, p. 935).


UBERON:0002633 : motor nucleus of trigeminal nerve   
OLD: The trigeminal motor nucleus contains motor neurons that innervate muscles of the first branchial arch, namely the muscles of mastication, the tensor tympani, tensor veli palatini, mylohyoid, and anterior belly of the digastric.
NEW: Nucleus located in the pontine tegmentum containing cells that give rise to motor innervation of the jaw through the trigeminal nerve.  It receives both crossed and uncrossed fibers from the cerebral cortex (Heimer, L. The Human Brain and Spinal Cord, 2nd ed., 1996, pg 248).


UBERON:0002634 : anterior nucleus of hypothalamus   
OLD: The Anterior hypothalamic nucleus is a nucleus of the hypothalamus. Its function is thermoregulation (the maintenance of body temperature between certain parameters) of the body. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: a loose heterogeneous collection of cells in the anterior hypothalamus, continuous rostrally with the medial and lateral preoptic areas and caudally with the tuber cinereum


UBERON:0002639 : midbrain reticular formation   
OLD: A reticular formation that is part of a midbrain.
NEW: Part of the reticular formation located in the midbrain tegmentum


UBERON:0002640 : cuneocerebellar tract   
OLD: The posterior external arcuate fibers (dorsal external arcuate fibers) take origin in the gracile and cuneate nuclei; they pass to the inferior peduncle of the same side. It is uncertain whether fibers are continued directly from the gracile and cuneate fasciculi into the inferior peduncle. The term 'cuneocerebellar tract' is sometimes used to collectively refer to the posterior external arcuate fibers. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: White matter tract that originates from the cuneate and external cuneate nuclei.  It relays ascending spinal fibers in the dorsal funiculus and conveys information from forelimbs to the cerebellum.


UBERON:0002642 : cuneate fasciculus of medulla   
OLD: A cuneate fasciculus that is part of a medulla oblongata.
NEW: Part of cuneate fasciculus found in the medulla


UBERON:0002646 : dorsal longitudinal fasciculus of medulla   
OLD: A dorsal longitudinal fasciculus that is part of a medulla [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: Part of dorsal longitudinal fasciculus located in the medulla


UBERON:0002651 : anterior horn of lateral ventricle   
OLD: The anterior cornu (frontal horn, anterior horn; precornu) of the lateral ventricle passes forward and lateralward, with a slight inclination downward, from the interventricular foramen into the frontal lobe, curving around the anterior end of the caudate nucleus. Its floor is formed by the upper surface of the reflected portion of the corpus callosum, the rostrum. It is bounded medially by the anterior portion of the septum pellucidum, and laterally by the head of the caudate nucleus. Its apex reaches the posterior surface of the genu of the corpus callosum. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Part of the lateral ventricle that extends anteriorly into the frontal lobes, bordered by the head of the caudate nucleus on the lateral side (Adapted from Heimer, 1996)


UBERON:0002653 : gracile fasciculus of medulla   
OLD: A gracile fasciculus that is part of a medulla oblongata.
NEW: Part of gracile fasiculus located in the medulla


UBERON:0002658 : medial lemniscus of midbrain   
OLD: A medial lemniscus that is part of a midbrain [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: Part of medial lemniscus located within the midbrain


UBERON:0002661 : superior frontal gyrus   
OLD: The superior frontal gyrus makes up about one-third of the frontal lobe of the human brain. It is bounded laterally by the superior frontal sulcus. The superior frontal gyrus, like the inferior frontal gyrus and the middle frontal gyrus, is more of a region than a true gyrus. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Component of the frontal lobe, lateral aspect.  The rostral boundary is the first appearance of the superior frontal sulcus whereas the caudal boundary is the midpoint of the paracentral sulcus on the \"inflated\" surface. The medial and lateral boundaries are  the medial aspect of the frontal lobe and the superior frontal sulcus respectively (Christine Fennema-Notestine).


UBERON:0002682 : abducens nucleus   
OLD: The abducens nucleus is the originating nucleus from which the abducens nerve emerges - a cranial nerve nucleus. This nucleus is located beneath the fourth ventricle in the caudal portion of the pons, medial to the sulcus limitans. The abducens nucleus along with the internal genu of the facial nerve make up the facial colliculus, a hump at the caudal end of the medial eminence on the dorsal aspect of the pons. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Nucleus located beneath the floor of the 4th ventricle in the pontine tegmentum, containing motor neurons innervating the lateral rectus muscle of the eye (Brodal, Neurological Anatomy, 3rd ed., 1981, pg 533)


UBERON:0002686 : angular gyrus   
OLD: The angular gyrus is a region of the brain in the parietal lobe, that lies near the superior edge of the temporal lobe, and immediately posterior to the supramarginal gyrus; it is involved in a number of processes related to language, mathematics and cognition. It is Brodmann area 39 of the human brain. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Part of inferior parietal lobule formed by the cortex surrounding the upturned end of the superior temporal sulcus (Nolte, The Human Brain, 6th ed, 2009, pg 659)


UBERON:0002688 : supramarginal gyrus   
OLD: Component of the parietal lobe.  The first coronal slice between the superior temporal gyrus and the postcentral gyrus where the supramarginal gyrus appears was the rostral boundary whereas the slice where the supramarginal gyrus becomes continuous with the superior parietal gyrus was the caudal boundary. The medial and lateral boundaries were the lateral banks of the intraparietal sulcus and the medial banks of the lateral fissure and/or the superior temporal gyrus respectively (Christine Fennema-Notestine).
NEW: Component of the parietal lobe. The first coronal slice between the superior temporal gyrus and the postcentral gyrus where the supramarginal gyrus appears was the rostral boundary whereas the slice where the supramarginal gyrus becomes continuous with the superior parietal gyrus was the caudal boundary. The medial and lateral boundaries were the lateral banks of the intraparietal sulcus and the medial banks of the lateral fissure and/or the superior temporal gyrus respectively (Christine Fennema-Notestine).


UBERON:0002691 : ventral tegmental area   
OLD: A group of neurons located close to the midline on the floor of the midbrain. The VTA, the origin of dopaminergic cell bodies that comprise the mesocorticolimbic dopamine system, is widely implicated in the drug and natural reward circuitry of the brain, cognition, motivation, drug addiction, and several psychiatric disorders. The VTA contains neurons that project to numerous areas of the brain, from the prefrontal cortex (PFC) to the caudal brainstem and everywhere in between. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Unpaired midbrain region situated in the ventromedial portion of the reticular formation. The VTA is medial to the substantia nigra and ventral to the red nucleus, and extends caudally from the posterior hypothalamus in the diencephalon. The VTA contains dopamine neurons that project to various limbic and cortical areas and is a critical component of the brain's reward circuitry.


UBERON:0002698 : preoccipital notch   
OLD: Small indentation on the inferior surface of the cerebral cortex at the border of the occiptal and parietal lobes.  It is considered as a landmark because the occipital lobe is located just behind the line that connects that notch with the parietoccipital sulcus (adapted from Wikipedia).
NEW: Small indentation on the inferior surface of the cerebral cortex at the border of the occiptal and parietal lobes. It is considered as a landmark because the occipital lobe is located just behind the line that connects that notch with the parietoccipital sulcus (adapted from Wikipedia).


UBERON:0002702 : middle frontal gyrus   
OLD: The middle frontal gyrus makes up about one-third of the frontal lobe of the human brain. (A gyrus is one of the prominent 'bumps' or 'ridges' on the surface of the human brain. ) The middle frontal gyrus, like the inferior frontal gyrus and the superior frontal gyrus, is more of a region than a true gyrus. The borders of the middle frontal gyrus are the inferior frontal sulcus below; the superior frontal sulcus above; and the precentral sulcus behind. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Component of the frontal lobe, lateral aspect (Christine Fennema-Notestine).


UBERON:0002703 : precentral gyrus   
OLD: The primary motor cortex (or M1) is a brain region that in humans is located in the posterior portion of the frontal lobe. It works in association with pre-motor areas to plan and execute movements. M1 contains large neurons known as Betz cells which send long axons down the spinal cord to synapse onto alpha motor neurons which connect to the muscles. Pre-motor areas are involved in planning actions (in concert with the basal ganglia) and refining movements based upon sensory input (this requires the cerebellum). [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Component of the frontal lobe.  The appearance and disappearance of the central sulcus is the rostral and caudal boundaries of the precentral gyrus respectively. The medial boundary is specific frontal gyri (superior, middle and inferior) whereas the lateral boundary is the medial bank of the central sulcus (Christine Fennema-Notestine).


UBERON:0002709 : posterior nuclear complex of thalamus   
OLD: Part of thalamus comprising ill defined cellular groups in the caudal thalamus at the meso-diencephalic junction.  It is not a homogeneous structure but consists of several distinct cellular groups, including the suprageniculate and limitans nuclei, the magnocellular division of the medial geniculate body, portions of the pulvinar nucleus and an area of mixed cell types intercalated between the ventroposterior nucleus and the nucleus lateral posterior (Brodal, Neurological Anatomy, 3rd ed., 1981, pg 97)
NEW: Part of thalamus comprising ill defined cellular groups in the caudal thalamus at the meso-diencephalic junction. It is not a homogeneous structure but consists of several distinct cellular groups, including the suprageniculate and limitans nuclei, the magnocellular division of the medial geniculate body, portions of the pulvinar nucleus and an area of mixed cell types intercalated between the ventroposterior nucleus and the nucleus lateral posterior (Brodal, Neurological Anatomy, 3rd ed., 1981, pg 97)


UBERON:0002714 : rubrospinal tract   
OLD: long process of a CNS neuron, that carries efferent (outgoing) action potentials from the cell body in the red nucleus of the midbrain towards target cells in the spinal cord[GO].
NEW: White matter tract arising in red nucleus and projecting to spinal cord ventral horn


UBERON:0002722 : trochlear nucleus   
OLD: The nucleus of the trochlear nerve is located in the midbrain, at the level of the inferior colliculus. It is a motor nucleus, so located near the midline. Oddly, fibers from the trochlear nucleus cross over in the midbrain at the superior medullary velum and exit posteriorly, (this is the only cranial nerve to do so). The nerve then goes around the midbrain, and is visible coming out the sides. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Nucleus in the midbrain at the level of the inferior colliculus near the midline, containing the motor neurons giving rise to the trochlear nerve, innervating the contralateral superior oblique extraocular muscle of the eye (Brodal, Neurological Anatomy, 3rd ed, 1981, pg. 533).


UBERON:0002748 : medial lemniscus of medulla   
OLD: A medial lemniscus that is part of a medulla [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: Part of medial lemniscus located within the medulla


UBERON:0002751 : inferior temporal gyrus   
OLD: The inferior temporal gyrus is placed below the middle temporal sulcus, and is connected behind with the inferior occipital gyrus; it also extends around the infero-lateral border on to the inferior surface of the temporal lobe, where it is limited by the inferior sulcus. This region is one of the higher levels of the ventral stream of visual processing, associated with the representation of complex object features, such as global shape. It may also be involved in face perception. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Component of the temporal lobe, lateral aspect.  The rostral boundary is the rostral extent of the inferior temporal sulcus whereas the caudal boundary is designated as the temporo-occipital incisure on the cortical surface. The occipitotemporal sulcus is the medial boundary and the inferior temporal sulcus is the lateral boundary (Christine Fennema-Notestine).


UBERON:0002760 : ventral corticospinal tract   
OLD: The anterior corticospinal tract (also called the ventral corticospinal tract, medial corticospinal tract, direct pyramidal tract, or anterior cerebrospinal fasciculus) is a small bundle of descending fibers that connect the cerebral cortex to the spinal cord. It is usually small, varying inversely in size with the lateral corticospinal tract, which is the main part of the corticospinal tract. It lies close to the anterior median fissure, and is present only in the upper part of the medulla spinalis; gradually diminishing in size as it descends, it ends about the middle of the thoracic region. It consists of descending fibers which arise from cells in the motor area of the cerebral hemisphere of the same side, and which, as they run downward in the medulla spinalis, cross in succession through the anterior white commissure to the opposite side, where they end, either directly or indirectly, by arborizing around the motor neurons in the anterior column. A few of its fibers are said to pass to the lateral column of the same side and to the gray matter at the base of the posterior column. They conduct voluntary motor impulses from the precentral gyrus to the motor centers of the cord. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Part of pyramidal tract (corticospinal tract) containing uncrossed fibers and traveling in the ventral funiculus of the spinal cord.


UBERON:0002762 : internal medullary lamina of thalamus   
OLD: A medullary lamina that is positioned between the dorsomedial and ventral nuclei of thalamus, encloses the intralaminar nuclei (centromedian nucleus, paracentral, and central lateral).
NEW: Predominantly white regional part of thalamus consisting of a Y shaped bundle of fibers that runs the anterior-posterior length of thalamus and divides the thalamus into roughly three regions (MM: 2006-10-26)


UBERON:0002769 : superior temporal gyrus   
OLD: A gyrus (plural gyri) is a bump or ridge on the surface of the brain. The superior temporal gyrus is one of three (sometimes two) gyri in the temporal lobe of the human brain. The superior temporal gyrus is bounded by: the lateral sulcus above; the superior temporal sulcus (not always present or visible) below; an imaginary line drawn from the preoccipital notch to the lateral sulcus posteriorly. The superior temporal gyrus contains several important structures of the brain, including: Brodmann areas 41 and 42, marking the location of the primary auditory cortex, the cortical region responsible for the sensation of sound; Wernicke's area, Brodmann 22p, an important region for the processing of speech so that it can be understood as language. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Component of the temporal lobe, lateral aspect.  The rostral boundary is the rostral extent of the ssuperior temporal sulcus.  The caudal boundary is the cauday portion of the superior temporal gyrus (posterior to becoming continuous with the supramarginal gyrus).  The medial boundary is the lateral fissure (and when present the supramarginal gyrus), and the lateral boundary is the superior temporal suclus (Christine Fennema-Notestine).


UBERON:0002771 : middle temporal gyrus   
OLD: Middle temporal gyrus is a gyrus in the brain on the Temporal lobe. It is located between the superior temporal gyrus and inferior temporal gyrus. Its exact function is unknown, but it has been connected with processes as different as contemplating distance, recognition of known faces, and accessing word meaning while reading. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Component of the temporal lobe, lateral aspect.  The rostral boundary  is the rostral extent of the superior temporal sulcus whereas the caudal boundary is the temporo-occipital incisure on the cortical surface. The superior temporal sulcus is the medial boundary and the inferior temporal sulcus is the lateral boundary (Christine Fennema-Notestine).


UBERON:0002779 : lateral superior olivary nucleus   
OLD: In anatomy, the olivary bodies or simply olives (Latin oliva and olivae, singular and plural, respectively) are a pair of prominent oval structures in the medulla oblongata, the lower portion of the brainstem. They contain the olivary nuclei. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: One of two recognized nuclei comprising the superior olive.  The lateral superior olivary nucleus is much less prominent in humans than in many rodents and carnivores.  In the latter species, it is frequently described as S- or V-shaped.


UBERON:0002782 : medial superior olivary nucleus   
OLD: The superior olivary complex (or SOC or superior olive) is a small mass of gray substance situated on the dorsal surface of the lateral part of the trapezoid body. Small in humans, but well developed in certain animals, it exhibits similar structure as the inferior olivary nucleus, and is situated immediately above it. Some of the fibers of the trapezoid body end by arborizing around the cells of this nucleus, while others arise from these cells. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: One of two subnuclei of the superior olive located within the caudal pontine tegmentum.  Appears as a parasagittal row of transversely oriented bipolar neurons in transverse sections of human, with elongated somata in humans and other primates and large caliber dendrites.


UBERON:0002788 : anterior nuclear group   
OLD: The anterior nuclei of thalamus (or anterior nuclear group) are collection of nuclei at the rostral end of the dorsal thalamus. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Mostly gray regional part of anterior thalamic region, consisting of the anterior medial, anterior dorsal and anterior lateral thalamic nuclei in primates.  In rodents, it consists of anterior medial and anterior ventral divisions, with several subdivisions of each, according to Paxinos (MM: 2006-10-26)


UBERON:0002793 : dorsal longitudinal fasciculus of pons   
OLD: A dorsal longitudinal fasciculus that is part of a pons.
NEW: Part of dorsal longitudinal fasciculus located within the pons


UBERON:0002802 : left parietal lobe   
OLD: A parietal lobe that is part of a left cerebral hemisphere.
NEW: Parietal lobe of the left hemisphere of the brain


UBERON:0002803 : right parietal lobe   
OLD: A parietal lobe that is part of a right cerebral hemisphere.
NEW: Parietal lobe of the right hemisphere of the brain


UBERON:0002815 : horizontal fissure of cerebellum   
OLD: The largest and deepest fissure in the cerebellum is named the horizontal sulcus (or horizontal fissure). It commences in front of the pons, and passes horizontally around the free margin of the hemisphere to the middle line behind, and divides the cerebellum into an upper and a lower portion. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Fissure between cerebellar hemispheric lobules VIIA and VIIBi.


UBERON:0002833 : medial nucleus of trapezoid body   
OLD: Nucleus in the pontine tegmentum of most mammals that receives projections from the ventral cochlear nucleus via the large specialized synapse, the Calyx of Held.  It is not clear whether a well defined nucleus is present in humans, although humans may possess scattered cells with similar input.
NEW: Nucleus in the pontine tegmentum of most mammals that receives projections from the ventral cochlear nucleus via the large specialized synapse, the Calyx of Held. It is not clear whether a well defined nucleus is present in humans, although humans may possess scattered cells with similar input.


UBERON:0002871 : hypoglossal nucleus   
OLD: The hypoglossal nucleus is a cranial nerve nucleus, and it extends the length of the medulla, and being a motor nucleus, is close to the midline. In the open medulla, it is visible as what is known as the hypoglossal trigone, a raised area (medial to the vagal trigone) protruding slightly into the fourth ventricle. In the closed medulla, the gracile and cuneate nuclei lie posteriorly, which means the nucleus is not as close to the back of the medulla as in the open medulla. It is, however, still close to the midline. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Nucleus forming a longitudinal cell column in the medulla, close beneath the floor of the 4th ventricle, containing motor neurons that innervate the muscles of the tongue (Brodal, Neurological Anatomy, 3rd ed., 1981, pg 453)


UBERON:0002898 : chiasmatic cistern   
OLD: In front, the cisterna interpeduncularis extends forward across the optic chiasma, forming the cistern of chiasma or chiasmatic cistern, and on to the upper surface of the corpus callosum, for the arachnoid stretches across from one cerebral hemisphere to the other immediately beneath the free border of the falx cerebri, and thus leaves a space in which the anterior cerebral arteries are contained. The 'leaf' or extension of the chiasmatic cistern above the chiasma, which is separated from the optic recess of the third ventricle by the thin lamina terminalis, has been called the suprachiasmatic cistern. As spaces filled with freely circulating cerebrospinal fluid, cisterns receive little direct study, but are mentioned in pathological conditions. Cysts and tumors of the lamina terminalis extend into the suprachiasmatic cistern, as can pituitary tumors, or the cistern can be partially or completely effaced by injury and hematoma or by blockage of the cerebral aqueduct. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the region of the subarachnoid space that is located below and anterior to the optic chiasm


UBERON:0002922 : olfactory trigone   
OLD: The olfactory trigone is a small triangular area in front of the anterior perforated substance. Its apex, directed forward, occupies the posterior part of the olfactory sulcus, and is brought into view by throwing back the olfactory tract. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: A small triangular area in front of the anterior perforated substance. Its apex, directed forward, occupies the posterior part of the olfactory sulcus, and is brought into view by throwing back the olfactory tract (adapted from Wikipedia)


UBERON:0002932 : trapezoid body   
OLD: The trapezoid body is part of the acoustic pathway. It is a bundle of fibers and cells in the pontine tegmentum. It consists of fibers arising from the ventral cochlear nucleus. A collection of nerve cells inside forms a trapezoid nucleus. The superior olivary nucleus is situated on the dorsal surface of the trapezoid body. Most nerve fibers pass directly from the superior olivary nuclei to the inferior colliculus. Axons leaving the ventral cochlear nucleus (VCN) form a broad pathway that crosses under the brain stem in the trapezoid body. A thin pathway, the intermediate acoustic stria, also leaves the VCN, merging with the trapezoid body close to the superior olivary complex, where many of its axons synapse. Axons leaving the dorsal cochlear nucleus (DCN) form the dorsal acoustic stria, which reaches primarily the contralateral dorsal nucleus of the lateral lemniscus and the central nucleus of the inferior colliculus. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Bundles of axons traversing the pontine tegmentum oriented in the mediolateral direction. These fibers are related to the auditory pathway.  Nuclei are embedded within these fibers.


UBERON:0002943 : lingual gyrus   
OLD: The lingual gyrus of the occipital lobe lies between the calcarine sulcus and the posterior part of the collateral sulcus; behind, it reaches the occipital pole; in front, it is continued on to the tentorial surface of the temporal lobe, and joins the hippocampal gyrus. The lingual gyrus is so-named because it resembles the tongue in shape. This region is believed to play an important role in dreaming and vision, especially in recognizing words, regardless of size, font, etc. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Component of the occipital lobe.  The rostral boundary of the lingual gyrus was the posterior extent of the parahippocampal gyrus whereas the caudal boundary was the most posterior coronal slice where the gyrus could be visualized. The medial and lateral boundaries were the medial portion of the temporal and occipital cortices and the medial bank of the collateral sulcus respectively (Christine Fennema-Notestine).


UBERON:0002958 : medial lemniscus of pons   
OLD: A medial lemniscus that is part of a pons [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: Part of medial lemniscus located within the pons


UBERON:0002967 : cingulate gyrus   
OLD: A gyrus in the medial part of the brain. It partially wraps around the corpus callosum and is limited above by the cingulate sulcus. The cortical part of the cingulate gyrus is referred to as cingulate cortex.[Wikipedia]. The cingulate gyrus receives inputs from the anterior nucleus of the thalamus and the neocortex, as well as from somatosensory areas of the cerebral cortex. It projects to the entorhinal cortex via the cingulum. It functions as an integral part of the limbic system, which is involved with emotion formation and processing, learning, and memory. Also, executive control needed to suppress inappropriate unconscious priming is known to involve the anterior cingulate gyrus. It is also involved in respiratory control.
NEW: One of the convolutions on the medial surface of the cerebral hemisphere. It surrounds the rostral part of the brain and interhemispheric commissure and forms part of the limbic system. (MSH)  One of three essential structures comprising the limbic lobe, the other two being the hippocampus and parahippocampal gyrus. (CSP)


UBERON:0002971 : periolivary nucleus   
OLD: One of the parts of the superior olivary complex, usually divided into medial and lateral nuclei
NEW: A nucleus of the superior olivary complex that surrounds the primary superior olivary nuclei


UBERON:0002973 : parahippocampal gyrus   
OLD: A grey matter cortical region of the brain that surrounds the hippocampus. This region plays an important role in memory encoding and retrieval. The anterior part of the gyrus includes the perirhinal and entorhinal cortices. The term parahippocampal cortex is used to refer to an area that encompasses both the posterior portion of the parahippocampal gyrus and the medial portion of the fusiform gyrus.[Wikipedia].
NEW: Component of the temporal lobe on the mesial surface, posterior to the entorhinal cortex. The rostral and caudal boundaries are the posterior end of the netorhinal cortex and the caudal portion of the hippocampus, respectively.  The medial boudnary is designated as the medial aspect off the temporal lobe and the lateral boundary is the collateral sulcus (Christine Fennema-Notestine).


UBERON:0002980 : opercular part of inferior frontal gyrus   
OLD: The part of the inferior frontal gyrus that lies between the inferior precentral sulcus and the ascending ramus of the lateral sulcus. It is called opercularis because it covers part of the insula. The pars opercularis together with the pars triangularis form Broca's area.
NEW: Component of the inferior frontal gyrus.defined as the first gyrus from the precentral gyrus.


UBERON:0002981 : pulvinar nucleus   
OLD: The pulvinar is the caudal-most nucleus of the thalamus. The pulvinar is usually grouped as one of the lateral thalamic nuclei. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: One of a set of nuclei located in the posterior thalamus, that projects to all or nearly all extra-striate visual areas.


UBERON:0002998 : inferior frontal gyrus   
OLD: The inferior frontal gyrus is a gyrus of the frontal lobe of the human brain. Its superior border is the inferior frontal sulcus, its inferior border the lateral fissure, and its posterior border is the inferior precentral sulcus. Above it is the middle frontal gyrus, behind it the precentral gyrus. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Component of the frontal lobe, lateral aspect.  The rostral boundary is the first appearance of the inferior frontal sulcus whereas the caudal boundary is the precentral gyrus. The medial and lateral boundaries are the lateral bank of the inferior frontal sulcus and the medial bank of the lateral orbital sulcus and/or the circular insular sulcus respectively (Christein Fennema-Notestine).


UBERON:0003002 : medial lemniscus   
OLD: The medial lemniscus, also known as Reil's band or Reil's ribbon, is a pathway in the brainstem that carries sensory information from the gracile and cuneate nuclei to the thalamus. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Fiber tract arising predominantly from neurons in the nucleus gracilis and nucleus cuneatus in the medulla, projecting to thalamus.  Fibers cross in the decussation of the medial lemniscus.


UBERON:0003005 : dorsal longitudinal fasciculus of midbrain   
OLD: A dorsal longitudinal fasciculus that is part of a midbrain [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: Part of dorsal longitudinal fasciculus located in the midbrain tegmentum


UBERON:0003008 : dorsal longitudinal fasciculus of hypothalamus   
OLD: A dorsal longitudinal fasciculus that is part of a hypothalamus [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: Part of dorsal longitudinal fasciculus located within the hypothalamus


UBERON:0003011 : facial motor nucleus   
OLD: The facial motor nucleus is a collection of neurons in the brainstem that belong to the facial nerve. These lower motor neurons innervate the muscles of facial expression and the stapedius. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Nucleus located in the pontine tegmentum containing motor neurons that innervate the muscles of the face.  Some neurons that project to the cerebellum have also been identified in some species.


UBERON:0003017 : substantia innominata   
OLD: The substantia innominata (literally 'unnamed substance') of Meynert is a stratum consisting partly of gray and partly of white substance, which lies below the anterior part of the thalamus and lentiform nucleus. The gross anatomical structure is called anterior perforated substance because to the naked eye looks perforated by many holes. Holes are due to many blood vessels that pass through this area. It is part of the basal forebrain. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: A predominantly gray matter structure of the basal telencephalon defined on the basis of Nissl stain. Caudal to the anterior commissure it lies deep to the globus pallidus and dorsal to the amygdala. Rostral to the anterior commissure it lies deep to the striatum. The more rostral portion contains the basal forebrain nucleus ( Anthoney-1994 ). In the late twentieth century the region containing the substantia innominata was resegmented on the basis of neurochemistry and connectivity to constitute the striatopallidal system ( Heimer-1995 ). In this scheme the caudal portion of substantia innominata is located largely in the ventral pallidum and the rostral portion in the ventral striatum. (from Brain Info)


UBERON:0003023 : pontine tegmentum   
OLD: The pontine tegmentum is a part of the pons of the brain involved in the initiation of REM sleep. It includes the pedunculopontine nucleus and the laterodorsal tegmental nucleus, among others, and is located near the raphe nucleus and the locus ceruleus. The trapezoid body is part of the pontine tegmentum. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Dorsal portion of the pons, containing cranial nervee nuclei, ascending and descending tracts and reticular nuclei.  It is continuous with the reticular formation of the medulla (Carpenter, A Core Text of Neuroanatomy, 3rd ed, 1985, pg 133).


UBERON:0003029 : stria terminalis   
OLD: The stria terminalis (terminal stria) is a structure in the brain consisting of a band of fibers running along the lateral margin of the ventricular surface of the thalamus. Serving as a major output pathway of the amygdala, the stria terminalis runs from its corticomedial division to the ventral medial nucleus of the hypothalamus. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: White matter structure in the brain consisting of fibers running along the lateral margin of the ventricular surface of the thalamus. The stria terminalis covers the thalamostriate vein, marking a line of separation between the thalamus and the caudate nucleus as seen upon gross dissection of the ventricles of the brain, viewed from the superior aspect. The stria terminalis extends from the region of the interventricular foramen to the temporal horn of the lateral ventricle, carrying fibers from the amygdala to the septal, hypothalamic, and thalamic areas of the brain. It also carries fibers projecting from these areas back to the amygdala. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stria_terminalis)


UBERON:0003044 : uncinate fasciculus   
OLD: The uncinate fasciculus is a white matter tract in the human brain that connects parts of the limbic system such as the hippocampus and amygdala in the temporal lobe with frontal ones such as the orbitofrontal cortex. Its function is unknown though it is affected in several psychiatric conditions. It is the last white matter tract to mature in the human brain. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Pathway arising from the fastigial nucleus to the vestibular nuclei, reticular formation, motor neurons of brainstem and cervical spinal cord (Butler and Hodos, Comparative Vertebrate Neuroanatomy, 2nd ed., 2005, pg 261).


UBERON:0003045 : dorsal longitudinal fasciculus   
OLD: The dorsal longitudinal fasciculus (DLF) (not to be confused with the medial longitudinal fasciculus) is a white matter fiber tract located within the brain stem, specifically in the dorsal brainstem tegmentum. The DLF travels through the periaqueductal gray matter. The tract is comprised of a diffuse brainstem pathway located in the periventricular gray matter comprising ascending visceral sensory axons and descending hypothalamic axons. As with all white matter tracts, the DLF consists of myelinated axons carrying information between neurons. The DLF, carries both ascending and descending fibers, conveys visceral motor and sensory signals. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: A fiber bundle containing fibers from nuclei of the hypothalamus that project to the dorsal tegmental nucleus and other regions of the midbrain and the pons, as well as fibers originating in the pontine reticular formation and the medullary reticular formation that project to the thalamus and other regions of the forebrain (Carpenter-83). In NeuroNames it is a composite structure consisting of the dorsal longitudinal fasciculus of hypothalamus, the dorsal longitudinal fasciculus of midbrain, the dorsal longitudinal fasciculus of pons and the dorsal longitudinal fasciculus of medulla. (NeuroNames)


UBERON:0003098 : optic stalk   
OLD: The optic vesicles project toward the sides of the head, and the peripheral part of each expands to form a hollow bulb, while the proximal part remains narrow and constitutes the optic stalk. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the narrow, proximal portion of the optic vesicle which connects the embryonic eye and forebrain


UBERON:0003124 : chorion   
OLD: The chorion is one of the membranes that exists during pregnancy between the developing fetus and mother. It is formed by extraembryonic mesoderm and the two layers of trophoblast and surrounds the embryo and other membranes. The chorionic villi emerge from the chorion, invade the endometrium, and allow transfer of nutrients from maternal blood to fetal blood.
NEW: the outermost extraembryonic membrane


UBERON:0003244 : epithelium of mammary gland   
OLD: An epithelium that is part of a mammary gland [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the epithelial layer of the luminal surfaces of the mammary gland


UBERON:0003299 : roof plate of midbrain   
OLD: A roof plate that is part of a midbrain [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the mesencephalic roof plate, including the caudal and rostral part of the midbrain roof


UBERON:0003386 : smooth muscle of eye   
OLD: A portion of smooth muscle tissue that is part of a eye [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: any of the striated muscles that move the eye and include: superior rectus, inferior rectus, medial rectus, lateral rectus, superior oblique, inferior oblique, retractor bulbi


UBERON:0003439 : nerve of trunk region   
OLD: A nerve that is part of a trunk [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: A nerve that is part of the trunk region of the body (not to be confused with a nerve trunk).


UBERON:0003604 : trachea cartilage   
OLD: The cartilages of the trachea (or tracheal rings) vary from sixteen to twenty in number: each forms an imperfect ring, which occupies the anterior two-thirds or so of the circumference of the trachea, being deficient behind, where the tube is completed by fibrous tissue and unstriped muscular fibers.
NEW: the ring-shaped cartilaginous structures that support the trachea


UBERON:0003702 : inguinal canal   
OLD: The inguinal canal is a passage in the anterior (toward the front of the body) abdominal wall which in men conveys the spermatic cord + the ilioinguinal nerve and in women the round ligament + the ilioinguinal nerve. The inguinal canal is larger and more prominent in men. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the passage in the lower abdominal wall through which the spermatic cord in the male or the round ligament in the female, nerves and vessels pass from the pelvic cavity to the scrotum or labia majora, respectively


UBERON:0003861 : neural arch   
OLD: posterior part of a vertebra that consists of a pair of pedicles and a pair of laminae, and supports seven processes: four articular processes, two transverse processes one spinous process[WP]. ZFA: A neural arch encloses the neural canal and typically meets its partner to form a neural spine. The neural arch can be a replacement ossification of the basidorsal cartilage or can form directly in membrane bone.
NEW: posterior part of a vertebra that consists of a pair of pedicles and a pair of laminae, and supports seven processes: four articular processes, two transverse processes one spinous process[WP]. ZFA: A neural arch encloses the neural canal and typically meets its partner to form a neural spine. .


UBERON:0003887 : intraembryonic coelom   
OLD: In the development of the human embryo the intraembryonic coelom (or somatic coelom) is a portion of the conceptus forming in the mesoderm. During the second week of development, the lateral mesoderm splits into a dorsal somatic mesoderm (somatopleure) and a ventral splanchnic mesoderm (splanchnopleure). The resulting cavity between the somatopleure and splanchnopleure is called the intraembryonic coelom. This space will give rise to the thoracic and abdominal cavities. It briefly has a connection with the extraembryonic coelom[WP].
NEW: the part of the coelom in the embryo between the somatopleuric and splanchnopleuric mesoderm; the principal body cavities of the trunk (thoracic, abdominal, and pelvic) arise from this embryonic part of the coelom


UBERON:0003888 : extraembryonic coelom   
OLD: cavity between Heuser's membrane and the Trophoblast[WP].
NEW: the fluid-filled spaces formed within the mass of extraembryonic mesoderm that later fuse to become a large extraembryonic cavity


UBERON:0003889 : fallopian tube   
OLD: Two very fine tubes lined with ciliated epithelia, leading from the ovaries of female mammals into the uterus, via the utero-tubal junction[WP]. Embryos have two pairs of ducts to let gametes out of the body; one pair (the Mullerian ducts) develops in females into the Fallopian tubes, uterus and vagina, while the other pair (the Wolffian ducts) develops in males into the epididymis and vas deferens.
NEW: Initial section of the oviduct through which the ova pass from the ovary to the uterus


UBERON:0003964 : prevertebral ganglion   
OLD: Prevertebral ganglia (or collateral ganglia, or preaortic ganglia) are sympathetic ganglia which lie between the sympathetic chain and the organ of supply.
NEW: the sympathetic ganglia located in front of the vertebral column and are associated with the major branches of the abdominal aorta; these include the celiac, aorticorenal, superior and inferior mesenteric ganglia


UBERON:0004022 : germinal neuroepithelium   
(was embryonic neuroepithelium)
OLD: The epithelial cell layer that lines the neural tube and develops into the nervous system and into the neural crest cells
NEW: The single layer of epithelial cells that lines the early neural tube and develops into the nervous system and into the neural crest cells


UBERON:0004060 : neural tube ventricular layer   
OLD: The layer of undifferentiated, proliferating cells that line the neural tube lumen
NEW: The layer of undifferentiated, proliferating cells that line the neural tube lumen that is the immediate transformation of the germinal neuroepithelium


UBERON:0004061 : neural tube mantle layer   
OLD: The layer of glia and differentiating neurons that will form the gray matter of the spinal cord; this lies between the ventricular and marginal layers and includes the basal and alar plates
NEW: The layer of glia and differentiating neurons that forms as a second layer around the germinal neuroepithium; as this develops it comes to lie between the ventricular and marginal layers and includes the basal and alar plates. Develops into neurons and glia forming a gray matter layer.


UBERON:0004062 : neural tube marginal layer   
OLD: The outermost layer of the neural tube that contains nerve fibers and will form the white matter
NEW: The outermost layer of the neural tube that consists of axons from the developing mantle layer and will form the white matter


UBERON:0004064 : neural tube basal plate   
OLD: The region of the mantle layer of the neural tube that lies ventral to the sulcus limitans and contains primarily motor neurons and interneurons. the region of the neural tube ventral to the sulcus limitans. It extends from the rostral mesencephalon to the end of the spinal cord and contains primarily motor neurons, whereas neurons found in the alar plate are primarily associated with sensory functions. The cell types of the basal plate include lower motor neurons and four types of interneuron. Initially the left and right sides of the basal plate are continuous, but during neurulation they become separated by the floor plate, a derivative of the notochord[WP].
NEW: The region of the mantle layer of the neural tube that lies ventral to the sulcus limitans and contains primarily motor neurons and interneurons.


UBERON:0004130 : cerebellar layer   
OLD: A cortical cell layer of the cerebellum. One of: the granular layer, molecular layer, and Purkinje cell layer.
NEW: A cortical cell layer of the cerebellum. Examples: the granular (inner+outer) layer, molecular layer, Purkinje cell layer, and the ventricular layer of the embryo.


UBERON:0004178 : aorta smooth muscle tissue   
OLD: A portion of smooth muscle tissue that is part of an aorta [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the nonstriated, involuntary muscle tissue located in the wall of the aorta


UBERON:0004212 : glomerular capillary   
OLD: A capillary that is part of a renal glomerulus [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the small branching blood vessels in the kidney glomerulus that receives blood from the kidney afferent arterioles; these capillaries are under high pressure for filtering within the glomerulus


UBERON:0004227 : kidney pelvis smooth muscle   
OLD: A portion of smooth muscle tissue that is part of a renal pelvis [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the smooth muscle tissue surrounding the urothelium of the kidney pelvis


UBERON:0004362 : pharyngeal arch 1   
OLD: The first pharyngeal arch is the most anteriorly positioned arch and forms the jaw. It is located between the stomodeum and the first pharyngeal groove. The neural crest cells that contribute to pharyngeal arch 1 arise from the caudal midbrain and rhombomeres 1 and 2 of the hindbrain.
NEW: The first of the series of pharyngeal arches that develop into jaw bones or their homologs, and their associated nerves and arteries


UBERON:0004365 : vitelline blood vessel   
OLD: blood vesself of the yolk sac.
NEW: blood vessel that is connected to the yolk sac.


UBERON:0004374 : vitelline vasculature   
OLD: vasculature of the yolk sac.
NEW: vascular network that is connected to the yolk sac.


UBERON:0004544 : epididymis epithelium   
OLD: A simple columnar epithelium that is part of a epididymis [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the layer of secretory cells which lines the epididymis


UBERON:0004550 : gastroesophageal sphincter   
OLD: A sphincter muscle that is part of a cardia of stomach [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the thick circular layer of smooth gastric musculature encircling the gastroesophageal junction that functions to reduce backflow into the esophagus from the stomach


UBERON:0004571 : systemic arterial system   
OLD: The part of the cardiovascular system which carries oxygenated blood away from the heart to the body, and returns deoxygenated blood back to the heart.
NEW: The part of the arterial system which carries oxygenated blood away from the heart to the body, and returns deoxygenated blood back to the heart.


UBERON:0004573 : systemic artery   
OLD: Systemic arteries are the arteries of the systemic circulation, which is the part of the cardiovascular system which carries oxygenated blood away from the heart, to the body, and returns deoxygenated blood back to the heart.
NEW: An artery of the systemic circulation, which is the part of the cardiovascular system which carries oxygenated blood away from the heart, to the body, and returns deoxygenated blood back to the heart.


UBERON:0004639 : renal afferent arteriole   
(was afferent arteriole)
OLD: The afferent arterioles are a group of blood vessels that supply the nephrons in many excretory systems. They play an important role in the regulation of blood pressure. The afferent arterioles branch from the renal artery which supplies blood to the kidneys. The afferent arterioles later diverge into the capillaries of the glomerulus. When renal blood flow is reduced, the macula densa releases prostaglandins, which cause the juxtaglomerular cells lining the afferent arterioles to release renin, activating the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system, to increase blood pressure. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the blood vessels that branch from the kidney interlobular artery, convey blood to the glomerular capillaries, and play an important role in the regulation of blood pressure as a part of the tubuloglomerular feedback mechanism


UBERON:0004640 : renal efferent arteriole   
(was efferent arteriole)
OLD: The efferent arterioles are blood vessels that are part of the urinary tract of organisms. The efferent arterioles form from a convergence of the capillaries of the glomerulus. They play an important role in maintaining the glomerular filtration rate despite fluctuations in blood pressure. In the mammalian kidney they follow two markedly different courses, depending on the location of the glomeruli from which they arise. In the mammalian kidney about 15% of glomeruli lie close to the boundary between the renal cortex and renal medulla and are known as juxtamedullary glomeruli. The rest are simply undifferentiated cortical glomeruli. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the blood vessels that convey blood from the glomerulocapillary network to the capillary bed of the proximal convoluted tubule


UBERON:0004641 : spleen capsule   
OLD: A capsule that is part of a spleen [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the connective tissue that surrounds the spleen


UBERON:0004647 : liver lobule   
OLD: A small division of the liver defined at the histological scale, the functional unit of which is the hepatic acinus.
NEW: the polygonal structure of the liver that consists of hepatocytes radiating outward from a hepatic vein


UBERON:0004649 : sphenoid bone pterygoid process   
OLD: The pterygoid processes of the sphenoid, one on either side, descend perpendicularly from the regions where the body and great wings unite. Each process consists of a medial pterygoid plate and a lateral pterygoid plate, the upper parts of which are fused anteriorly; a vertical sulcus, the pterygopalatine groove, descends on the front of the line of fusion. The plates are separated below by an angular cleft, the pterygoid fissure (or pterygoid notch), the margins of which are rough for articulation with the pyramidal process of the palatine bone. The two plates diverge behind and enclose between them a V-shaped fossa, the pterygoid fossa, which contains pterygoideus internus and tensor veli palatini. Above this fossa is a small, oval, shallow depression, the scaphoid fossa, which gives origin to the tensor veli palatini. The anterior surface of the pterygoid process is broad and triangular near its root, where it forms the posterior wall of the pterygopalatine fossa and presents the anterior orifice of the pterygoid canal.
NEW: the process projecting downward from either side of the sphenoid bone, in vertebrates divided into two plates, an inner and an outer (sometimes called the lateral and medial); the posterior nares pass through the space, called the pterygoid fossa, between the processes


UBERON:0004651 : scapula spine   
OLD: A prominent plate of bone, which crosses obliquely the medial four-fifths of the scapula at its upper part, and separates the supra- from the infraspinatous fossa.
NEW: the triangular ridge on the dorsal aspect of the scapula which separates the supra- from the infraspinatous fossa and where the trapezius and deltoid muscles are attached


UBERON:0004657 : mandible condylar process   
OLD: The posterior process on the ramus of the mandible composed of two parts: a superior part, the articular portion, and an inferior part, the condylar neck.
NEW: articular part of the mandible bone


UBERON:0004663 : aorta wall   
OLD: An anatomical wall that is part of an aorta [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: An anatomical wall that is part of an aorta, enclosing the luminal space.


UBERON:0004664 : aorta tunica adventitia   
OLD: A tunica adventitia that is part of a aorta.
NEW: the outermost layer of the aorta wall, containing connective tissue and collagen and elastic fibers


UBERON:0004670 : ependyma   
OLD: The thin epithelial membrane lining the ventricular system of the brain and the spinal cord. Ependyma is one of the four types of neuroglia in the central nervous system. It is involved in the production of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). It is simple, columnar or cuboidal.
NEW: The thin epithelium-like membrane composed of ependymal cells that lines the ventricular system of the brain and the spinal cord.


UBERON:0004673 : trigeminal nerve root   
OLD: A nerve root that continuous_with a trigeminal nerve.
NEW: A nerve root that extends_fibers_into a trigeminal nerve.


UBERON:0004674 : facial nerve root   
OLD: A nerve root that continuous_with a facial nerve.
NEW: A nerve root that extends_fibers_into a facial nerve.


UBERON:0004675 : hypoglossal nerve root   
OLD: A nerve root that continuous_with a hypoglossal nerve.
NEW: A nerve root that extends_fibers_into a hypoglossal nerve.


UBERON:0004677 : spinal cord gray commissure   
OLD: The gray commissure is a thin strip of gray matter that surrounds the central canal of the spinal cord and, along with the anterior white commissure, connects the two halves of the cord. It comprises lamina X in the Rexed classification.
NEW: the band of grey substance spanning the midline of the spinal cord that surrounds the central canal


UBERON:0004679 : dentate gyrus molecular layer   
OLD: The molecular layer of the dentate gyrus that is bounded by the pial surface superficially and the dentate gyrus granule cell layer deep.  It is divided into 2 or more sublayers.
NEW: The molecular layer of the dentate gyrus that is bounded by the pial surface superficially and the dentate gyrus granule cell layer deep. It is divided into 2 or more sublayers.


UBERON:0004682 : corona radiata of neuraxis   
OLD: For the structure in embryology, see Corona radiata (embryology) In neuroanatomy, the corona radiata is a white matter sheet that continues caudally as the internal capsule and rostrally as the centrum semiovale. This sheet of axons contains both descending and ascending axons that carry nearly all of the neural traffic from and to the cerebral cortex. The corona radiata is associated with the corticospinal tract, the corticopontine tract, and the corticobulbar tract. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: Fan shaped white matter mass comprised of afferent and efferent fibers from the cerebral cortex arranged in radially arrayed bundles, converging towards the internal capsule (Carpenter, Core Text of Neuroanatomy, 3rd ed, 1985, pg. 30;  Heimer, The Human Brain and Spinal Cord, 2nd ed., 1995, pg 84).


UBERON:0004693 : Peyer's patch epithelium   
OLD: An epithelium that is part of a Peyer' s patch [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the specialized epithelium of the Peyer's patch


UBERON:0004706 : bulbus cordis   
OLD: The bulbus cordis lies ventral to the primitive ventricle after the developing heart assumes its S-shaped form. Together, the bulbus cordis and the primitive ventricle give rise to the ventricle of the formed heart. The adjacent walls of the bulbus cordis and ventricle approximate, fuse, and finally disappear, and the bulbus cordis now communicates freely with the right ventricle, while the junction of the bulbus with the truncus arteriosus is brought directly ventral to and applied to the atrial canal. By the upgrowth of the ventricular septum the bulbus cordis is in great measure separated from the left ventricle, but remains an integral part of the right ventricle, of which it forms the infundibulum[WP].
NEW: a transient fetal dilation of the distal (or cranial) heart tube located where the arterial trunk joins the ventral roots of the aortic arches


UBERON:0004720 : cerebellar vermis   
OLD: Part of the structure of animal brains, the cerebellar vermis is a narrow, wormlike structure between the hemispheres of the cerebellum.
NEW: A subregion of the cerebellar cortex, consisting of the most medial zone of the cerebellar cortex, stradding the midline.  May be continuous with the lateral cerebellar hemispheres in some areas of the cerebellum, e.g., dorsally, or separated by deeper fissures in others (e.g., ventrally)


UBERON:0004725 : piriform cortex   
OLD: A part of the rhinencephalon situated in the telencephalon, the function of which relates to olfaction.
NEW: the subdivision of the laminated olfactory cortex with only three main layers that receive monosynaptic input from the olfactory bulb via the lateral olfactory tract; it is located bilaterally in the ventrolateral forebrain and is commonly divided into anterior and posterior regions


UBERON:0004785 : respiratory system mucosa   
OLD: A mucosa that is part of a respiratory system [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the mucous membrane lining the respiratory tract


UBERON:0004788 : kidney pelvis urothelium   
OLD: An urothelium that is part of a renal pelvis [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the epithelial lining of the luminal space of the kidney pelvis


UBERON:0004791 : thymus trabecula   
OLD: A trabecula that is part of a thymus [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the thymic connective tissue which extends into the parenchyma


UBERON:0004802 : respiratory tract epithelium   
OLD: An epithelium that is part of a respiratory tract [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the pseudostratified ciliated epithelium that lines much of the conducting portion of the airway, including part of the nasal cavity and larynx, the trachea, and bronchi


UBERON:0004810 : nephron tubule epithelium   
OLD: An epithelium that is part of a nephron tubule [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the cellular avascular layer of the renal tubule luminar surfaces


UBERON:0004813 : seminiferous tubule epithelium   
OLD: The epithelium lining the seminiferous tubules composed of primary male germ cells (spermatogonia) and supporting sertoli cells. As spermatogenesis proceeds, the developing germ cells migrate toward the lumen. The adluminal compartment, the inner two thirds of the tubules, contains spermatocytes and the more advanced germ cells[GAID].
NEW: the stratified epithelial lining of the seminiferous tubules, consisting of the developing spermatozoa and the supporting Sertoli cells, which are tall, columnar type cells that line the tubule


UBERON:0004819 : kidney epithelium   
OLD: An epithelium that is part of a kidney [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the cellular avascular layer of the kidney luminar surfaces


UBERON:0004851 : aorta endothelium   
OLD: An endothelium that is part of an aorta [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: the thin layer of flat cells that line the aorta and form a barrier between circulating blood in the lumen and the rest of the vessel wall


UBERON:0004904 : neuron projection bundle connecting eye with brain   
(was nerve connecting eye with brain)
OLD: A nerve that connects the eye to the brain and carries the impulses formed by the retina to the visual cortex of the brain[BTO].
NEW: A neuron projection bundle that connects the retina or its analog in the eye with the brain. This includes the vertebrate optic nerve (not truly a nerve) as well as analogous structures such as the Bolwig nerve in Drosophila


UBERON:0005168 : renal interlobular vein   
(was interlobular vein)
OLD: The venae stellatae join to form the interlobular veins, which pass inward between the rays, receive branches from the plexuses around the convoluted tubules, and, having arrived at the bases of the renal pyramids, join with the venae rectae
NEW: Any of the veins that parallel the interlobular arteries, receiving blood from the peritubular capillary plexus and empty into the arcuate veins


UBERON:0005268 : renal cortex artery   
OLD: Artery that supplies renal cortex.
NEW: An artery that supplies the renal cortex.


UBERON:0005272 : peritubular capillary   
OLD: In the renal system, peritubular capillaries are tiny blood vessels that travel alongside nephrons allowing reabsorption and secretion between blood and the inner lumen of the nephron. Ions and minerals that need to be saved in the body are reabsorbed into the peritubular capillaries through active transport, secondary active transport, or transcytosis. The ions that need to be excreted as waste are secreted from the capillaries into the nephron to be sent towards the bladder and out of the body. The majority of exchange through the peritubular capillaries occurs because of chemical gradients, osmosis and Na+ pumps[WP].
NEW: the tiny blood vessels that receive blood from the efferent arterioles of the glomerulus, and interact with superficial cortical nephrons allowing reabsorption and secretion between blood and the inner lumen of the nephron; peritubular capillaries are situated around the tubule and are at low pressure


UBERON:0005294 : genital ridge   
OLD: The precursor to the gonads.
NEW: the elevation of thickened mesothelium and underlying mesenchyme found on the ventromedial border of the embryonic mesonephros in which the primordial germ cells become embedded, establishing it as the primordium of the testis or ovary


UBERON:0005304 : submucous nerve plexus   
OLD: The nerves of the small intestines are derived from the plexuses of parasympathetic nerves around the superior mesenteric artery. From this source they run to the myenteric plexus of nerves and ganglia situated between the circular muscular fibers and the mucosal cells. From this a secondary plexus, the plexus of the submucosa (Meissner's plexus, Submucous plexus, submucosal plexus) is derived, and it is formed by branches that have perforated the circular muscular fibers. This plexus lies in the submucous coat of the intestine; it also contains ganglia from which nerve fibers pass to the muscularis mucosae and to the mucous membrane. The nerve bundles of the submucous plexus are finer than those of the myenteric plexus. Its function is to innervate cells in the epithelial layer and the smooth muscle of the[WP].
NEW: the gangliated plexus of unmyelinated nerve fibers that ramify the stomach and intestinal submucosa


UBERON:0005357 : brain ependyma   
OLD: An ependyma that is part of a brain ventricle.
NEW: the ependymal cell layer that lines the brain ventricles


UBERON:0005359 : spinal cord ependyma   
OLD: An ependyma that is part of a spinal cord.
NEW: the ependymal cell layer that lines the spinal cord


UBERON:0005362 : vagus X ganglion   
OLD: A small, elongated ganglion located between the esophagus and aorta, marking the terminus of the recurrent nerve[WP]
NEW: the group of sensory neuron cell bodies associated with the vagus nerve


UBERON:0005373 : spinal cord dorsal column   
OLD: Area of white matter in the dorsomedial side of the spinal cord. It is made up of the fasciculus gracilis and fasciculus cuneatus and itself is part of the dorsal funiculus. It is part of an ascending pathway that is important for well-localized fine touch and conscious proprioception called the posterior column-medial lemniscus pathway[WP].
NEW: the wedge-shaped fiber bundle of white matter in the dorsomedial side of the spinal cord that is made up of the fasciculus gracilis and fasciculus cuneatus; it is part of the ascending posterior column-medial lemniscus pathway that is important for well-localized fine touch and conscious proprioception


UBERON:0005384 : nasal cavity epithelium   
OLD: An epithelium that is part of a nasal cavity [Automatically generated definition].
NEW: An epithelium that lines the nasal cavity.


UBERON:0005402 : philtrum   
OLD: medial cleft extending from the nose to the upper lip
NEW: the vertical groove found on the median line of the upper lip, extending to the nose


UBERON:0005403 : ventral striatum   
OLD: The ventral striatum is a portion of the striatum. It consists of the nucleus accumbens and the olfactory tubercle. Some sources also include the ventromedial parts of the caudate nucleus and putamen. It is considered a reward center.
NEW: A composite structure of the telencephalon that is defined in the striatopallidal system by connectivity and neurochemical staining. It includes the nucleus accumbens, the most ventral portions of the caudate nucleus and the putamen, the rostrolateral portion of the anterior perforated substance, the islands of Calleja and a rostral subcommissural portion of substantia innominata. The boundary between the ventral striatum and dorsal striatum is indistinct in sections stained for Nissl substance (Heimer-1995;  adapted from Brain Info).


UBERON:0005414 : zone of polarizing activity   
OLD: An area of mesenchyme that contains signals which instruct the developing limb or fin bud to form along the anterior/posterior axis[WP,cjm].
NEW: An area of mesenchymal cells that contains signals which instruct the developing limb or fin bud to form along the anterior/posterior axis.


UBERON:0005438 : coronary sinus   
OLD: The coronary sinus is a collection of veins joined together to form a large vessel that collects blood from the myocardium of the heart. The coronary sinus opens into the right atrium, between the inferior vena cava and the auriculo-ventricular opening. It returns the blood from the substance of the heart, and is protected by a semicircular fold of the lining membrane of the auricle, the coronary valve
NEW: the short trunk that recieves most of the cardiac veins carrying the blood from the myocardium and delivers it to the right atrium, with the sinoatrial connection occurring between the inferior vena cava and the atrioventricular orifice


UBERON:0005467 : platysma   
OLD: The platysma is a superficial muscle that overlaps the sternocleidomastoid. It is a broad sheet arising from the fascia covering the upper parts of the pectoralis major and deltoid; its fibers cross the clavicle, and proceed obliquely upward and medially along the side of the neck. The anterior fibers interlace, below and behind the symphysis menti, with the fibers of the muscle of the opposite side; the posterior fibers cross the mandible, some being inserted into the bone below the oblique line, others into the skin and subcutaneous tissue of the lower part of the face. Many of these fibers blend with the muscles about the angle and lower part of the mouth. Sometimes fibers can be traced to the zygomaticus, or to the margin of the orbicularis oculi. Beneath the platysma, the external jugular vein descends from the angle of the mandible to the clavicle.
NEW: The platysma is a pharyngeal arch 2 muscle and a superficial facial muscle that participates in oral/pharyngeal behaviors and is innervated by the cervical branch of the facial nerve.  It attaches to the mandible and it attaches to the skin of the head, neck, and thoracic region where it is found superficial to the clavicle.  Burrows et al. (2011) argue that in hylobatids (and, presumably, other primates) the platysma in the region of the modiolus represents both the cervicale and myoides muscles.


UBERON:0005476 : spinal nerve trunk   
OLD: A nerve trunk that is part of a spinal nerve.
NEW: trunk part of spinal nerve, where dorsal and ventral roots meet to form the spinal nerve, before branching off to dorsal and ventral rami.


UBERON:0005478 : sulcus limitans of neural tube   
OLD: A longitudinal groove in the neural tube wall of the embryo; stretches from the mesencephalon caudad[TMD].
NEW: A longitudinal groove in the neural tube wall that divides the neural tube into dorsal (alar) and ventral (basal) halves (dorsal receives input from sensory neurons, ventral effects motor functions); stretches from the mesencephalon caudad[TMD].


UBERON:0005485 : valve of inferior vena cava   
OLD: A cardial valve that lies at the junction of the inferior vena cava and right atrium. During embryonic development the Eustachian valve helps direct the flow of oxygen-rich blood through the right atrium into the left cardiac atrium via the foramen ovale (preventing blood flowing into the right ventricle).
NEW: the semicircular fold of endocardium located on the right atrium at the point of attachment of the inferior vena cava; during development this valve helps direct the flow of oxygen-rich blood through the right atrium into the left cardiac atrium via the foramen ovale (preventing blood flowing into the right ventricle)


UBERON:0005487 : vitelline vein   
OLD: One of two veins which drain blood from the yolk sac. They run upward at first in front, and subsequently on either side of the intestinal canal. They unite on the ventral aspect of the canal, and beyond this are connected to one another by two anastomotic branches, one on the dorsal, and the other on the ventral aspect of the duodenal portion of the intestine, which is thus encircled by two venous rings; into the middle or dorsal anastomosis the superior mesenteric vein opens. The portions of the veins above the upper ring become interrupted by the developing liver and broken up by it into a plexus of small capillary-like vessels termed sinusoids.
NEW: the paired veins that carry blood from the yolk sac back to the embryo


UBERON:0005777 : glomerular basement membrane   
OLD: The glomerular basement membrane is the basal laminal portion of the glomerulus which performs the actual filtration through the filtration slits between the podocytes, separating the blood on the inside from the filtrate on the outside. It is a fusion of the endothelial cell and podocyte basal laminas.
NEW: the layer of extracellular matrix that lies between the endothelium of the glomerular capillaries and the podocytes of the inner or visceral layer of the Bowman capsule; it is a fusion of the endothelial cell and podocyte basal laminas and acts as a physical barrier and an ion-selective filter


UBERON:0005867 : mandibular prominence   
OLD: The mandibular prominence is an embryological structure which gives rise to the lower portion of the face. The mandible and lower lip derive from it. It is innervated by the mandibular nerve.
NEW: the paired ventral prominences formed by bifurcation of the first pharyngeal arches in the embryo; the two prominences unite ventrally and fuse to form the mandible and lower lip


UBERON:0005868 : maxillary prominence   
OLD: Continuous with the dorsal end of the mandibular arch, and growing forward from its cephalic border, is a triangular process, the maxillary process (or maxillary prominence), the ventral extremity of which is separated from the mandibular arch by a '>' shaped notch. The maxillary process forms the lateral wall and floor of the orbit, and in it are ossified the zygomatic bone and the greater part of the maxilla; it meets with the lateral nasal process, from which, however, it is separated for a time by a groove, the naso-optic furrow, that extends from the furrow encircling the eyeball to the olfactory pit. The maxillary processes ultimately fuse with the lateral nasal and globular processes, and form the lateral parts of the upper lip and the posterior boundaries of the nares. It is innervated by the maxillary nerve.
NEW: the paired dorsal prominences formed by bifurcation of the first pharyngeal arches in the embryo that unite with the ipsilateral medial nasal process to form the upper jaw


UBERON:0005876 : undifferentiated genital tubercle   
OLD: A genital tubercle is a body of tissue present in the development of the urinary and reproductive organs. It forms in the ventral, caudal region of mammalian embryos of both sexes, and eventually develops into a phallus. In the human fetus the genital tubercle develops around week 4 of gestation, and by week 9 becomes recognizably either a clitoris or penis. This should not be confused with the sinus tubercle which is a proliferation of endoderm induced by paramesonephic ducts. Even after the phallus is developed, the term genital tubercle remains, but only as the terminal end of it[2], which develops into either the glans penis or the glans clitoridis. The genital tubercle is sensitive to dihydrotestosterone and rich in 5-alpha-reductase, so that the amount of fetal testosterone present after the second month is a major determinant of phallus size at birth.[WP].
NEW: the embryonic anlage of the external genitalia, which emerges as paired swellings ventral to the cloacal membrane, is proposed to be derived from all three germ layers, and gives rise to the penis, clitoris, scrotum, labia, and foreskin


UBERON:0005970 : brain commissure   
OLD: A commissure that is part of a brain.
NEW: any of the nerve fiber tracts that span the longitudinal fissure between the cerebral and/or cerebellar hemispheres of the brain


UBERON:0006002 : vitelline artery   
OLD: The paired arteries that carry blood to the yolk sac / gut tube from the dorsal aorta; the vitelline arteries give rise to the celiac artery, superior mesenteric artery, and inferior mesenteric artery in the adult
NEW: The paired arteries that carry blood to the yolk sac from the dorsal aorta


UBERON:0006065 : hemal arch   
OLD: Bony canal attached to the ventral surface or the vertebral centrum that encloses and protects the caudal artery and vein ventrally. The arch consists of right and left halves, which are fused ventrally to give a V- or Y-shape to the ventral aspect of the vertebra[AAO]. Hemal arches extend ventrally from the centra of caudal and transitional vertebrae to enclose the caudal artery and vein. In cyprinids, the hemal arch forms directly in membrane bone[ZFA].
NEW: A vertebral arch that is attached to the ventral surface or the vertebral centrum and encloses and protects the caudal artery and vein ventrally.


UBERON:0006215 : rhombic lip   
OLD: The posterior section of the developing metencephalon within an embryo, extending posteriorly from the roof of the fourth ventricle to dorsal neuroepithelial cell and can be divided into eight structural units based on rhombomeres 1-8 (r1-r8), recognized at early stages of hindbrain development; producing granule cells and five brainstem nuclei, the rhombic lip plays an important role in developing a complex cerebellar neural system.
NEW: the posterior section of the developing metencephalon recognized transiently within the vertebrate embryo; the rhombic lip extends posteriorly from the roof of the fourth ventricle to dorsal neuroepithelial cell and can be divided into eight structural units based on rhombomeres 1-8 (r1-r8), recognized at early stages of hindbrain development; producing granule cells and five brainstem nuclei, the rhombic lip plays an important role in developing a complex cerebellar neural system


UBERON:0006273 : otic pit   
OLD: The auditory pit, also known as the otic pit, is the first rudiment of the internal ear. It appears shortly after that of the eye, in the form of a patch of thickened ectoderm, the auditory plate, over the region of the hind-brain. The auditory plate becomes depressed and converted into the auditory pit (or otic pit).
NEW: the pair of depressions of thickened otic placode epithelium, that further develops into the otic vesicles


UBERON:0006330 : anterior lingual gland   
OLD: Anterior lingual glands (also called apical glands) are deeply placed seromucous glands that are located near the tip of the tongue on each side of the frenulum linguae. They are found on the under surface of the apex of the tongue, and are covered by a bundle of muscular fibers derived from the Styloglossus and Longitudinalis inferior.
NEW: the small glands located near the apex of the tongue on either side of the frenulum


UBERON:0006435 : os penis   
OLD: A bone found in the penis of most mammals. It is absent in humans, but present in other primates, such as the closely-related chimpanzee. The bone aids in sexual intercourse[WP].
NEW: the unique bone located in the glans penis of most mammals except humans; it is used for copulation and varies in size and shape by species


UBERON:0006594 : gubernacular cord   
(was chorda gubernaculum)
OLD: A portion of the gubernaculum testis and round ligament that develops in the body wall of the embryo.
NEW: The cranial, thin portion of the gubernaculum.


UBERON:0006670 : central tendon of diaphragm   
OLD: The central tendon of the diaphragm is a thin but strong aponeurosis situated near the center of the vault formed by the muscle, but somewhat closer to the front than to the back of the thorax, so that the posterior muscular fibers are longer. It is situated immediately below the pericardium(fibrous part), with which it is partially blended. The caval opening(T8) passes through the central tendon. This transmits the inferior vena cava &amp; right phrenic nerve.
NEW: the three-lobed cloverleaf-shaped aponeurosis situated at the center of the diaphragm; the central tendon is fused with the fibrous pericardium that provides attachment for the muscle fibers


UBERON:0006721 : alisphenoid bone   
OLD: The greater wing of the sphenoid bone, or alisphenoid, is a bony process of the sphenoid bone; there is one on each side, extending from the side of the body of the sphenoid and curving upward, laterally, and backwards[WP].
NEW: either of the broad curved wing like expanses on each side of the sphenoid bone in adults; may exist independently in the young


UBERON:0006723 : cochlear modiolus   
OLD: The modiolus is a conical shaped central axis in the cochlea. The Modiolus consists of spongy bone and the cochlea turns approximately 2.75 times around the modiolus The spiral ganglion is situated inside the bony modiolus.
NEW: the central cone shaped core of spongy bone about which turns the spiral canal


UBERON:0006729 : liver perisinusoidal space   
OLD: The space of Disse (or perisinusoidal space) is a location in the liver between a hepatocyte and a sinusoid. It contains the blood plasma. Microvilli of hepatocytes extend into this space, allowing proteins and other plasma components from the sinusoids to be taken up by the hepatocytes. This space may be obliterated in liver disease, leading to decreased uptake by hepatocytes of nutrients and wastes (like bilirubin, for example). The Space of Disse also contains Ito cells, also called hepatic stellate cells, which store fat or fat soluble vitamins. Excessive intake of fat soluble vitamins can lead to pathologically enlarged Ito cells, which can form collagen and lead to fibrosis and cirrhosis. The Space of Disse was named after German anatomist, Joseph Disse (1852b1912).
NEW: the extravascular space in the liver between the parenchymal cells and a sinusoid that contains the blood plasma


UBERON:0006871 : footplate   
OLD: An autopod plate that has_potential_to_develop_into a pes.
NEW: the distal elements of the developing limb of vertebrates that will give rise to the pedal appendages (e.g. hand, foot, paw)


UBERON:0006936 : thymus subcapsular epithelium   
OLD: An epithelium that is part of a capsule of thymus.
NEW: the epithelial cells lining the capsule and trabeculae of the thymus


UBERON:0006937 : inner ear epithelium   
OLD: An epithelium that is part of a internal ear.
NEW: the epithelial cell layer containing the sensory hair cells and their associated sensory nerve terminals


UBERON:0007230 : lateral vestibular nucleus   
OLD: The lateral vestibular nucleus (Deitersbs nucleus) is the continuation upward and lateralward of the principal nucleus, and in it terminate many of the ascending branches of the vestibular nerve.
NEW: One of the nuclei comprising the vestibular nuclear complex. In some mammals, e.g., primates, it is further subdivided into subnuclei.  It therefore differs in appearance and topology in different mammals.


UBERON:0007247 : nucleus of superior olivary complex   
(was superior olivary nucleus)
OLD: A nucleus of brain that is part of a superior olivary complex.
NEW: Any of the nuclei that comprise the superior olivary complex (superior olive). This includes both the primary nuclei such as the lateral and medial nuclei, as well as periolivary nuclei.


UBERON:0007250 : lingual tonsil   
OLD: The lingual tonsils are rounded masses of lymphatic tissue that cover the posterior region of the tongue. They are on the dorsal surface at the base of the tongue. Their lymphatic tissue are dense and nodular, their surface is covered with stratified squamous epithelium which invaginates as a single crypt into each lingual tonsil. They are partially surrounded by connective tissue placing them in the group of Partially-Encapsulated Lymphatic Organs, tonsils, the only one of its kind. They have associated mucous glands which are drained by ducts directly into the single tonsillar crypt.
NEW: the lymph tissue on the floor of the oropharyngeal passage, near the root of the tongue


UBERON:0007350 : arcopallium   
OLD: A pallial region found in avias that  partially overlap regions homologous to the amygdala of mammals.
NEW: A pallial region found in avias that partially overlap regions homologous to the amygdala of mammals.


UBERON:0007425 : decussation of diencephalon   
OLD: A decussation of neuraxis that is part of a diencephalon.
NEW: A neural decussation that is part of a diencephalon.


UBERON:0008321 : deep artery of penis   
OLD: The deep artery of the penis (artery to the corpus cavernosum), one of the terminal branches of the internal pudendal, arises from that vessel while it is situated between the two fasciC& of the urogenital diaphragm (deep perineal pouch). It pierces the inferior fascia, and, entering the crus penis obliquely, runs forward in the center of the corpus cavernosum penis, to which its branches are distributed.
NEW: The deep artery of the penis (artery to the corpus cavernosum), one of the terminal branches of the internal pudendal, arises from that vessel while it is situated between the two fascia of the urogenital diaphragm (deep perineal pouch). It pierces the inferior fascia, and, entering the crus penis obliquely, runs forward in the center of the corpus cavernosum penis, to which its branches are distributed.


UBERON:0008594 : zygomaticus minor muscle   
OLD: Facial muscle attached to the orbicularis oris muscle, anterior root of the zygomatic arch (zygomatic bone or maxilla), and skin in the region of the caudal border of the orbicularis oculi muscle. The muscle is often described as having two heads, one attached to the maxilla and the other attached to the skin overlying the orbicularis oculi. In many mammals this muscle also has an attachment to the cartilage of the external ear, in which case it is called the auriculolabialis superior. See Diogo 2008; Diogo et al., 2009; Burrows et al.., 2011., also DuBrul, 1980.
NEW: Facial muscle attached to the modiolus, corner (angle) of the mouth, and zygomatic bone. This muscle is ventral to the zygomaticus minor and dorsal to the platysma muscle.  In many mammals this muscle also has an attachment to the cartilage of the external ear, in which case it is called the auriculolabialis inferior. See Diogo 2008; Diogo et al., 2009; Burrows et al.., 2011., also DuBrul, 1980.


UBERON:0008975 : oviduct shell gland   
(was shell gland)
OLD: Any of various structures that secrete covering material for eggs or egg masses
NEW: A gland in the posterior expansion of the oviduct that secretes the calcareous surroundings of the egg shell.


UBERON:0009121 : vomeronasal nerve   
OLD: Nerve carrying fibers from the vomeronasal organ to the accessory olfactory bulb[AAO]. originates in the olfactory epithelial cells of Jacobson's organ, and that passes through the submucous tissue of the nasal septum and the cribriform plate of the ethmoid bone to the olfactory bulb[BTO].
NEW: Nerve carrying fibers from the vomeronasal organ epithelium to the accessory olfactory bulb.


UBERON:0009472 : axilla   
OLD: The axilla is the area  directly under the joint where the forelimb connects to the shoulder.
NEW: The axilla is the area directly under the joint where the forelimb connects to the shoulder.


UBERON:0009835 : anterior cingulate cortex   
OLD: The frontal part of the cingulate cortex, that resembles a 'collar' form around the corpus callosum, the fibrous bundle that relays neural signals between the right and left cerebral hemispheres of the brain. It includes both the ventral and dorsal areas of the cingulate cortex, and appears to play a role in a wide variety of autonomic functions, such as regulating blood pressure and heart rate, as well as rational cognitive functions, such as reward anticipation, decision-making, empathy[1] and emotion.
NEW: The frontal part of the cingulate cortex that resembles a collar form around the corpus callosum. It includes both the ventral and dorsal areas of the cingulate cortex. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Gray727.svg


UBERON:0009906 : root of optic nerve   
OLD: A nerve root that continuous_with a nerve connecting eye with brain.
NEW: A nerve root that extends_fibers_into a nerve connecting eye with brain.


UBERON:0010133 : neuroendocrine gland   
OLD: An endocrine gland that is part of a nervous system.
NEW: any of the organized aggregations of cells that function as secretory or excretory organs and that release hormones in response to neural stimuli


UBERON:0010145 : paraurethral gland   
OLD: A gland located on the anterior wall of the vagina, around the lower end of the urethra. It drains into the urethra and near the urethral opening. Each gland is surrounded with tissue, which includes the part of the clitoris that reaches up inside the vagina and swells with blood during sexual arousal[MP,modified].
NEW: the numerous mucous-secreting glands found in several female mammalian species (including rodents and humans) on the anterior wall of the vagina, around the lower end of the urethra, and possessing a common paraurethral duct which opens (on each side) near the external urethral orifice; they are homologous with the prostate gland in males, have highly variable anatomy, and are believed to be the source of the female ejaculate, a lubricating fluid with a similar consistency to male prostatic fluid that is expelled through the urethra during sexual stimulation; like the male prostate, these glands are susceptible to infection (skenitis), cyst development, and cancer


UBERON:0010186 : male urethral gland   
OLD: Any of the many glands that branch off the wall of the urethra of male mammals. The glands secrete mucus, which is incorporated into the semen, and are most numerous in the section of the urethra that runs through the penis. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: any of the numerous small mucous-secreting glands located in the wall of the penile urethra


UBERON:0010380 : enteric nerve   
OLD: A nerve that is part of a enteric nervous system.
NEW: the neurons that innervate the esophagus, stomach, small and large bowel


UBERON:0010403 : brain marginal zone   
(was cortical marginal zone)
OLD: developing superficial cortical layer located just under the pia matter.
NEW: The part of the future brain that is derived from the mantle layer of the neural tube


UBERON:0010419 : vibrissa follicle   
OLD: A hair follicle that is part of a vibrissa unit.
NEW: one of the tubular invaginations of the epidermis enclosing the hair roots and from which grow the vibrissae located on the muzzle and face of many species


UBERON:0011775 : vagus nerve nucleus   
OLD: A cranial nerve nucleus that overlaps a vagus nerve.
NEW: A cranial nerve nucleus that is associated with a vagus nerve.


UBERON:0012242 : internal urethral orifice   
OLD: The internal urethral orifice is the opening of the urinary bladder into the urethra. It is placed at the apex of the trigonum vesicae, in the most dependent part of the bladder, and is usually somewhat crescent-shaped; the mucous membrane immediately behind it presents a slight elevation in males, the uvula vesicae, caused by the middle lobe of the prostate.
NEW: the usually crescent-shaped opening of the urinary bladder into the urethra, placed at the anteroinferior angle (apex) of the urinary bladder trigone


UBERON:0012302 : male membranous urethra   
OLD: The intermediate part of male urethra (membranous portion) is the shortest, least dilatable, and, with the exception of the external orifice, the narrowest part of the canal. It extends downward and forward, with a slight anterior concavity, between the apex of the prostate and the bulb of the urethra, perforating the urogenital diaphragm about 2.5 cm. below and behind the pubic symphysis. The hinder part of the urethral bulb lies in apposition with the inferior fascia of the urogenital diaphragm, but its upper portion diverges somewhat from this fascia: the anterior wall of the membranous urethra is thus prolonged for a short distance in front of the urogenital diaphragm; it measures about 2 cm. in length, while the posterior wall which is between the two fasciæ of the diaphragm is only 1.25 cm. long. The membranous portion of the urethra is completely surrounded by the fibers of the Sphincter urethrae membranaceae. In front of it the deep dorsal vein of the penis enters the pelvis between the transverse ligament of the pelvis and the arcuate pubic ligament; on either side near its termination are the bulbourethral glands. [WP,unvetted].
NEW: the shortest, least dilatable, and, with the exception of the external orifice, the narrowest part of the male urethral canal located in the deep perineal pouch and lined by pseudostratified columnar epithelium; it extends downward and forward, with a slight anterior concavity, between the apex of the prostate and the bulb of the urethra, perforating the urogenital diaphragm below and behind the pubic symphysis; the membranous portion of the urethra is completely surrounded by the fibers of the sphincter urethrae membranaceae; on either side near its termination are the bulbourethral glands


UBERON:0012332 : broad ligament of uterus   
OLD: A broad fold of peritoneum that extends from the side of the uterus to the wall of the pelvis[MESH].
NEW: A broad fold of peritoneum that extends from the side of the uterus to the wall of the pelvis.


UBERON:0013529 : Brodmann area   
OLD: A Brodmann area is a region of the cerebral cortex defined based on its cytoarchitectonics, or structure and organization of cells.
NEW: A segmentation of the cerebral cortex on the basis of cytoarchitecture as described in Brodmann-1905, Brodmann-1909 and Brodmann-10. Maps for several species were presented. NeuroNames includes only areas in the human and in Old World monkeys. Of the latter, Brodmann studied representatives of several species including guenons (one Cercopithecus mona, one Cercocebus torquatus, and one Cercopithecus otherwise unspecified), which are all closely related African species, and one macaque (Macaca mulatta) an Asian species (Brodmann-1905). The legend to the summary map in Brodmann-1909 ascribes the areas simply to Cercopithecus. Brodmann referenced the areas by name and number. The same area number in humans and monkeys did not necessarily refer to topologically or cytoarchitecturally homologous structures. In NeuroNames the standard term for human areas consists of the English translation of Brodmann's Latin name followed by the number he assigned, e.g., agranular frontal area 6; the standard terms for monkey areas are in the format: area 6 of Brodmann-1909. He mapped a portion of areas limited to the banks of sulci, e.g., area 3 of Brodmann-1909 (Brodmann-1909) onto the adjacent, visible surface. This accounts for the fact that some areas appear larger on his surface map than on maps of other authors, e.g., area 3 of Vogts-1919. (Adapted from NeuroNames)


UBERON:0013554 : Brodmann (1909) area 23   
OLD: Brodmann area 23 (BA23) is a region in the brain corresponding to some portion of the posterior cingulate cortex. It lies between Brodmann area 30 and Brodmann area 31 and is located on the medial wall of the cingulate gyrus between the callosal sulcus and the cingulate sulcus.
NEW: The term area 23 of Brodmann-1909 refers to a subdivision of the cerebral cortex of the guenon defined on the basis of cytoarchitecture. Brodmann regarded it as topographically and cytoarchitecturally homologous to the combined ventral posterior cingulate area 23 and dorsal posterior cingulate area 31 of the human (Brodmann-1909). Distinctive Features (Brodmann-1905): the cortex is relatively thin; smaller cells predominate; the cell density of the multiform layer (VI) is great, producing a distinct boundary with the subcortical white matter; the internal granular layer (IV) is rather well developed; the internal pyramidal layer (V) contains a dense population of round, medium-sized ganglion cells concentrated at the border with layer IV; layers V and VI are narrow with a distinct mutual boundary.nn* Definition Source NeuroNames


UBERON:0014549 : pyramidal layer of CA2   
OLD: A layer of hippocampal field that is part of a hippocampus pyramidal layer and is part of a CA2 field of hippocampus.
NEW: Part of pyramidal cell layer in area CA2, lying superficial to the CA2 stratum oriens, and deep to the stratum radiatum of CA2, continuous with the pyramidal cell layers of CA1 and CA3


UBERON:0014551 : CA2 stratum oriens   
OLD: A layer of hippocampal field that is part of a CA2 field of hippocampus and is part of a hippocampus stratum oriens.
NEW: Part of stratum oriens lying in area CA3 deep to the CA3 pyramidal cell layer and continuous with stratum oriens of area CA2 and bounded by the dentate gyrus hilus.


UBERON:0014552 : CA1 stratum oriens   
OLD: A layer of hippocampal field that is part of a CA1 field of hippocampus and is part of a hippocampus stratum oriens.
NEW: Part of stratum oriens lying in area CA1, superficial to the alveus of CA1 and deep to the pyramidal cell layer of CA1.  It is continuous with the stratum oriens of CA2 and bounded by the subiculum


UBERON:0014553 : CA3 stratum oriens   
OLD: A layer of hippocampal field that is part of a CA3 field of hippocampus and is part of a hippocampus stratum oriens.
NEW: Part of stratum oriens lying in area CA3 deep to the CA3 pyramidal cell layer and continuous with stratum oriens of area CA2 and bounded by the dentate gyrus hilus.


UBERON:0014554 : CA1 stratum radiatum   
OLD: A layer of hippocampal field that is part of a CA1 field of hippocampus and is part of a hippocampus stratum radiatum.
NEW: Part of stratum radiatum lying in area CA1, superficial to the CA1 pyramidal cell layer and deep to the CA1 stratum lucidum-moleculare, continuous with the stratum radiatum of CA2 and bounded by the subiculum.  It contains the Schaffer collateral projection from CA3.


UBERON:0014555 : CA2 stratum radiatum   
OLD: A layer of hippocampal field that is part of a CA2 field of hippocampus and is part of a hippocampus stratum radiatum.
NEW: Part of stratum radiatum in area CA2,  lying superficial to the pyramidal cell layer and deep to CA2  stratum lacunosum-moleculare, continuous with the stratum radiatum of CA1 and CA3.


UBERON:0014556 : CA3 stratum radiatum   
OLD: A layer of hippocampal field that is part of a CA3 field of hippocampus and is part of a hippocampus stratum radiatum.
NEW: Part of stratum radiatum in area CA3,  lying superficial to the stratum lucidum and deep to CA3  stratum lacunosum-moleculare.


UBERON:0014557 : CA1 stratum lacunosum moleculare   
OLD: A layer of hippocampal field that is part of a CA1 field of hippocampus and is part of a hippocampus stratum lacunosum moleculare.
NEW: Part of stratum lacunosum-moleculare lying in area CA1, superficial to CA1 stratum radiatum and bounded by the pial surface, continuous with stratum lacunosum-moleculare of CA2 and the subiculum stratum moleculare


UBERON:0014559 : CA3 stratum lacunosum moleculare   
OLD: A layer of hippocampal field that is part of a CA3 field of hippocampus and is part of a hippocampus stratum lacunosum moleculare.
NEW: Part of stratum lacunosum-moleculare in area CA3. It is bounded by the stratum lacunosum-moleculare of CA2 and CA1. It is bounded superficially by the pial surface and deep by the CA3 stratum radiatum. It is continuous with the stratum lacunosum-moleculare of CA2.


UBERON:0014612 : substantia gelatinosa of thoracic spinal cord dorsal horn   
OLD: A substantia gelatinosa that is part of a thoracic spinal cord dorsal horn.
NEW: Substantia gelatinosa of thoracic spinal cord posterior horn


UBERON:0014641 : terminal nerve root   
OLD: A nerve root that continuous_with a terminal nerve.
NEW: A nerve root that extends_fibers_into a terminal nerve.


UBERON:0014735 : paleocortex   
OLD: Paleocortex is a type of cortical tissue that consists of either four or five cortical laminae (layers of neuronal cell bodies). It has fewer laminae than neocortex, which has six, but more than archicortex, which has three. Paleocortex, along with archicortex and periallocortex, is a type of allocortex. Because the number of laminae that compose a type of cortical tissue seems to be directly proportional to both the information-processing capabilities of that tissue and its phylogenetic age, paleocortex is thought to be an intermediate between neocortex and archicortex in both aspects.
NEW: Part of the allocortex defined on the basis of cytoarchitecture. The other two are archicortex and periallocortex. It consists of very thin, primitive cortex with few clearly defined layers. It is distinguished ontogenetically by the fact that it does not develop through a cortical plate. It includes the olfactory bulb, accessory olfactory bulb, olfactory tubercle, septum, prepyriform area and periamygdalar area ( Stephan-1975 ). (adapted from Brain Info)


UBERON:0015599 : genu of corpus callosum   
OLD: The anterior end of the corpus callosum is named the genu, and is bent downward and backward in front of the septum pellucidum; diminishing rapidly in thickness, it is prolonged backward under the name of the rostrum, which is connected below with the lamina terminalis.
NEW: Part of corpus callosum comprising the \"kneelike\" anterior bend (adapted from Nolte, The Human Brain, 6th ed., 2009 pg 664)


UBERON:0015793 : induseum griseum   
OLD: The supracallosal gyrus (indusium griseum; gyrus epicallosus) consists of a thin layer of grey matter in contact with the dorsal surface of the corpus callosum and continuous laterally with the grey matter of the cingulate gyrus.
NEW: Thin layer of cortex lying on the dorsal surface of the corpus callosum.  It has been debated whether it is more related to the hippocampus or the olfactory bulb (Shipley et al., Olfactory System In Paxinos The Rat Nervous System, 2nd ed)


UBERON:0016490 : auditory system   
OLD: A sensory system for the sense of hearing[WP].
NEW: is the sensory system for the sense of hearing.


UBERON:0018141 : anterior perforated substance   
OLD: The anterior perforated substance is an irregularly quadrilateral area in front of the optic tract and behind the olfactory trigone, from which it is separated by the fissure prima; medially and in front it is continuous with the subcallosal gyrus; laterally it is bounded by the lateral stria of the olfactory tract and is continued into the uncus. Its gray substance is confluent above with that of the corpus striatum, and is perforated anteriorly by numerous small bloodvessels.
NEW: Regional part of telencephalon lying on the basal surface and bounded by the olfactory trigone rostrally, the diagonal band medially and caudally and the prepiriform cortex laterally.  It is characterized by many perforations caused by small blood vessels entering the gray matter (Meyer et al., J. Comp. Neurol 284: 405, 1989).


UBERON:0022317 : olfactory cortex layer 1   
OLD: Surface layer of the olfactory cortex that contains dendrites, fiber systems and a small number of neurons.  It has been divided into a superficial part and a deep part.
NEW: Surface layer of the olfactory cortex that contains dendrites, fiber systems and a small number of neurons. It has been divided into a superficial part and a deep part.


UBERON:0022318 : olfactory cortex layer 2   
OLD: Middle layer of olfactory cortex lying deep to layer 1 and superficial to layer 3, characterized by a compact layer of cell bodies.  It can be divided into a superficial part and a deep part.
NEW: Middle layer of olfactory cortex lying deep to layer 1 and superficial to layer 3, characterized by a compact layer of cell bodies. It can be divided into a superficial part and a deep part.


UBERON:0022319 : lateral geniculate nucleus parvocellular layer   
OLD: Layer of the lateral geniculate nucleus characterized by small cells (adapted from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lateral_geniculate_nucleus)
NEW: Layer of the lateral geniculate nucleus characterized by small cells (adapted from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lateral_geniculate_nucleus)


UBERON:0022327 : entorhinal cortex layer 3   
OLD: Layer of the entorhinal cortex lying superficial to layer 4and deep to layer 2.  It is characterized by cells of various sizes and shapes with a predominance of pyramidal cells (Adapted from Paxinos, G. The rat central nervous system, 2nd ed, Academic Press, San Diego, 1995, pg. 474)
NEW: Layer of the entorhinal cortex lying superficial to layer 4and deep to layer 2. It is characterized by cells of various sizes and shapes with a predominance of pyramidal cells (Adapted from Paxinos, G. The rat central nervous system, 2nd ed, Academic Press, San Diego, 1995, pg. 474)


UBERON:0022336 : entorhinal cortex layer 1   
OLD: Layer of the entorhinal cortex that is most superficial, continuous with layer 1 of adjacent neocortex and the molecular layer of the subiculum, lying deep to the pial layer and superficial to layer 2.  It is relatively acellular consisting mostly of fibers running transversely relative to the cortical surface (Adapted from Paxinos, G. The rat central nervous system, 2nd ed, Academic Press, San Diego, 1995, pg. 474)
NEW: Layer of the entorhinal cortex that is most superficial, continuous with layer 1 of adjacent neocortex and the molecular layer of the subiculum, lying deep to the pial layer and superficial to layer 2. It is relatively acellular consisting mostly of fibers running transversely relative to the cortical surface (Adapted from Paxinos, G. The rat central nervous system, 2nd ed, Academic Press, San Diego, 1995, pg. 474)


UBERON:0022337 : entorhinal cortex layer 2   
OLD: Layer of the entorhinal cortex lying superficial to layer 3 and deep to layer 1.  It is characterized by medium-to large sized stellate cells that are grouped into prominent clusters, particularly in the rostral entorhinal cortex (Adapted from Paxinos, G. The rat central nervous system, 2nd ed, Academic Press, San Diego, 1995, pg. 474)
NEW: Layer of the entorhinal cortex lying superficial to layer 3 and deep to layer 1. It is characterized by medium-to large sized stellate cells that are grouped into prominent clusters, particularly in the rostral entorhinal cortex (Adapted from Paxinos, G. The rat central nervous system, 2nd ed, Academic Press, San Diego, 1995, pg. 474)


UBERON:0022352 : medial orbital frontal cortex   
OLD: Component of the orbtial frontal cortex.  The rostral boundary is the first slice where the medial orbital gyrus became visible whereas the caudal boundary is the disappearance of the medial orbital gyrus/gyrus rectus. The medial and lateral boundaries are the cingulate cortex on the u2018inflatedu2019 surface and the medial bank of the superior frontal gyrus (or the cingulate gyrus when visible) respectively (Christine Fennema-Notestine).
NEW: Component of the orbtial frontal cortex. The rostral boundary is the first slice where the medial orbital gyrus became visible whereas the caudal boundary is the disappearance of the medial orbital gyrus/gyrus rectus. The medial and lateral boundaries are the cingulate cortex on the u2018inflatedu2019 surface and the medial bank of the superior frontal gyrus (or the cingulate gyrus when visible) respectively (Christine Fennema-Notestine).



uberon
Ontology Comparison Report
==========================

Files used:
- file 1 (old): uberon-lastbuild.obo; data version: releases/2014-12-09; date: 09:12:2014 22:39
- file 2 (new): uberon.obo; data version: releases/2015-01-01; date: 01:01:2015 12:49

NEW TERMS
=========

ID	name	namespace
UBERON:0022364	occipital fusiform gyrus	
UBERON:0022367	inferior lateral occipital cortex	
UBERON:0022368	superior lateral occipital cortex	
UBERON:0022383	anterior parahippocampal gyrus	
UBERON:0022394	posterior parahippocampal white matter	
UBERON:0022395	temporal fusiform gyrus	
UBERON:0022396	anterior temporal fusiform gyrus	
UBERON:0022397	posterior temporal fusiform gyrus	
UBERON:0022398	paracingulate gyrus	
UBERON:0022420	temporal part of superior longitudinal fasciculus	
UBERON:0022421	pontocerebellar tract	
UBERON:0022423	sagulum nucleus	
UBERON:0022424	supragenual nucleus	
UBERON:0022425	anterior corona radiata	
UBERON:0022426	superior corona radiata	
UBERON:0022427	posterior corona radiata	
UBERON:0022428	cingulate cortex cingulum	
UBERON:0022429	temporal cortex cingulum	
UBERON:0022430	hippocampus cortex cingulum	
UBERON:0022431	obsolete simian fossa (macaque)	
UBERON:0022434	primary superior olive	
UBERON:0022437	dorsal periolivary nucleus	
UBERON:0022438	rostral anterior cingulate cortex	
UBERON:0022453	olfactory entorhinal cortex	
UBERON:0022469	primary olfactory cortex	
UBERON:0022480	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of pretectal region	
UBERON:0022515	obsolete regional part of organ cavity	
UBERON:0022534	pericalcarine cortex	
UBERON:0022543	obsolete regional part of solitary nucleus	
UBERON:0022569	regional part of a lobe of the cerebellum	
UBERON:0022575	obsolete regional part of body system	
UBERON:0022598	obsolete regional part of peripheral nervous system	
UBERON:0022620	obsolete regional part of eye	
UBERON:0022647	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of epithalamus	
UBERON:0022649	habenulo-interpeduncular tract of diencephalon	
UBERON:0022650	obsolete regional part of parietal lobe	
UBERON:0022654	regional part of ear	
UBERON:0022660	obsolete regional part of occipital lobe	
UBERON:0022665	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of lateral hypothalamic region	
UBERON:0022681	obsolete regional part of cerebral peduncle	
UBERON:0022695	orbital gyri complex	
UBERON:0022701	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of posterior hypothalamic region	
UBERON:0022716	lateral orbital frontal cortex	
UBERON:0022730	transverse frontopolar gyri complex	
UBERON:0022732	obsolete superficial feature part of midbrain tectum	
UBERON:0022740	superficial feature part of pons	
UBERON:0022741	obsolete regional part of central nervous system	
UBERON:0022756	regional part of sacral spinal cord	
UBERON:0022761	obsolete superficial feature part of intermediate hypothalamic region	
UBERON:0022776	composite part spanning multiple base regional parts of brain	
UBERON:0022778	obsolete regional part of medial mammillary nucleus	
UBERON:0022783	paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus magnocellular division - posterior magnocellular part medial zone	
UBERON:0022791	paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus magnocellular division - posterior magnocellular part lateral zone	
UBERON:0022822	obsolete superficial feature part of diencephalon	
UBERON:0022828	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of medullary raphe nuclear complex	
UBERON:0022877	obsolete regional part of oculomotor nuclear complex	
UBERON:0022890	obsolete regional part of red nucleus	
UBERON:0022895	obsolete regional part of habenula	
UBERON:0022937	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of midbrain tegmentum	
UBERON:0022941	dorsal nerve root of sacral spinal cord	
UBERON:0022943	reticulospinal tract	
UBERON:0022944	obsolete predominantly white regional part of midbrain tegmentum	
UBERON:0022957	obsolete regional part of midbrain reticular formation	
UBERON:0022976	regional part of cervical spinal cord	
UBERON:0022988	obsolete regional part of thalamus	
UBERON:0022997	obsolete superficial feature part of medulla oblongata	
UBERON:0023007	obsolete predominantly white regional part of posterior hypothalamic region	
UBERON:0023013	obsolete superficial feature part of posterior hypothalamic region	
UBERON:0023020	obsolete predominantly white regional part of septum pellucidum	
UBERON:0023044	obsolete regional part of cerebral white matter	
UBERON:0023047	obsolete regional part of hypophysis	
UBERON:0023074	regional part of lumbar spinal cord	
UBERON:0023092	obsolete predominantly white regional part of epithalamus	
UBERON:0023094	posterodorsal nucleus of medial geniculate body	
UBERON:0023097	obsolete regional part of temporal lobe	
UBERON:0023102	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of intermediate hypothalamic region	
UBERON:0023127	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of hypothalamus	
UBERON:0023163	obsolete regional part of septum	
UBERON:0023255	sub-lobar region	
UBERON:0023294	obsolete cytoarchitectural part of cerebral cortex	
UBERON:0023317	obsolete regional part of ventral cochlear nucleus	
UBERON:0023362	obsolete predominantly gray part of medulla oblongata	
UBERON:0023378	medullary anterior horn	
UBERON:0023390	medial subnucleus of solitary tract	
UBERON:0023399	regional part of spinal cord dorsal horn	
UBERON:0023401	regional part of spinal cord gray commissure	
UBERON:0023404	regional part of amygdala	
UBERON:0023415	lateral amygdaloid nucleus, dorsolateral part	
UBERON:0023416	lateral amygdaloid nucleus, ventrolateral part	
UBERON:0023417	lateral amygdaloid nucleus, ventromedial part	
UBERON:0023443	superficial feature part of forebrain	
UBERON:0023462	superficial feature part of occipital lobe	
UBERON:0023536	regional part of tongue	
UBERON:0023541	conical papilla	
UBERON:0023547	obsolete regional part of stratum pyramidale hippocampi	
UBERON:0023552	obsolete regional part of stratum oriens	
UBERON:0023556	obsolete regional part of stratum radiatum	
UBERON:0023560	obsolete regional part of stratum lacunosum moleculare	
UBERON:0023564	cytoarchitectural part of dentate gyrus	
UBERON:0023572	obsolete regional part of basal nuclear complex	
UBERON:0023587	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of inferior colliculus	
UBERON:0023623	ventral nerve root of sacral spinal cord	
UBERON:0023628	obsolete regional part of anterior hypothalamic region	
UBERON:0023636	obsolete regional part of pons	
UBERON:0023648	obsolete regional part of granular layer of cerebellar cortex	
UBERON:0023649	obsolete predominantly white regional part of hypothalamus	
UBERON:0023670	obsolete predominantly white regional part of tectum	
UBERON:0023677	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of tectum	
UBERON:0023687	obsolete regional part of septal nuclear complex	
UBERON:0023695	obsolete superficial feature part of telencephalon	
UBERON:0023703	obsolete regional part of fornix	
UBERON:0023740	habenulo-interpeduncular tract of midbrain	
UBERON:0023752	intermediate part of hypophysis	
UBERON:0023783	obsolete gross anatomical part of cerebral cortex	
UBERON:0023787	subicular complex	
UBERON:0023789	obsolete regional part of limbic lobe	
UBERON:0023791	obsolete regional part of hindbrain	
UBERON:0023812	regional part of thoracic spinal cord	
UBERON:0023824	obsolete regional part of frontal lobe	
UBERON:0023825	obsolete predominantly white regional part of inferior colliculus	
UBERON:0023827	obsolete cytoarchitectural part of the cerebellum	
UBERON:0023836	gross anatomical parts of the cerebellum	
UBERON:0023852	temporoparietal junction	
UBERON:0023855	commissural nucleus of the solitary tract	
UBERON:0023859	primary somatosensory cortex lamina VI	
UBERON:0023861	planum polare	
UBERON:0023862	hippocampal formation of GP94	
UBERON:0023865	medial ventral tegmental area	
UBERON:0023867	islands of Calleja of olfactory tubercle	
UBERON:0023868	isla magna of Calleja	
UBERON:0023869	body membrane	
UBERON:0023879	neural system	
UBERON:0023900	piriform cortex layer 1a	
UBERON:0023901	piriform cortex layer 1b	
UBERON:0023915	obsolete regional part of nose	
UBERON:0023920	basal ganglia of rodent	
UBERON:0023927	subbrachial nucleus of mouse of Franklin and Paxinos 2008	
UBERON:0023928	postrhinal cortex of rodent of Burwell et al 1995	
UBERON:0023932	sommer's sector	
UBERON:0023934	olfactory bulb main glomerular layer	
UBERON:0023935	telencephalon of primate	
UBERON:0023936	perirhinal cortex of Burwell et al 1995	
UBERON:0023938	telencephalon of rodent	
UBERON:0023939	brain of rodent	
UBERON:0023942	olfactory bulb main of rodent	
UBERON:0023943	molecular system	
UBERON:0023958	bed nuclei of the stria terminalis oval nucleus	
UBERON:0023983	central cervical spinocerebellar tract	
UBERON:0023984	rostral spinocerebellar tract	
UBERON:0023998	hemispheric Lobule II	
UBERON:0023999	hemispheric Lobule III	
UBERON:0024000	hemispheric Lobule IV	
UBERON:0024001	hemispheric Lobule V	
UBERON:0024003	hemispheric Lobule VII	
UBERON:0024009	hemispheric Lobule X	
UBERON:0024037	vermis of the flocculonodular lobe of the cerebellum	
UBERON:0024043	rostral portion of the medial accessory olive	
UBERON:0024045	white matter of the cerebellar cortex	
UBERON:0024046	superficial feature part of the cerebellum	
UBERON:0024065	obsolete regional part of spinal nerve	
UBERON:0024073	obsolete regional part of nucleus accumbens	
UBERON:0024078	principal anterior division of supraoptic nucleus	
UBERON:0024079	tuberal supraoptic nucleus	
UBERON:0024081	obsolete regional part of stratum lucidum	
UBERON:0024086	obsolete cytoarchitectural part of dorsal tegmental nucleus	
UBERON:0024090	chemoarchitectural part	
UBERON:0024110	basis pontis	
UBERON:0024125	obsolete regional part of adenohypophysis	
UBERON:0024151	tegmentum	
UBERON:0024161	obsolete regional part of pontine tegmentum	
UBERON:0024173	obsolete regional part of inner ear	
UBERON:0024177	regional part orbital frontal cortex	
UBERON:0024182	obsolete superficial feature part of cerebral cortex	
UBERON:0024183	inferior transverse frontopolar gyrus	
UBERON:0024193	medial transverse frontopolar gyrus	
UBERON:0024201	superior transverse frontopolar gyrus	
UBERON:0024211	obsolete predominantly white regional part of cerebellar cortex	
UBERON:0024212	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of frontal lobe	
UBERON:0024234	obsolete regional part of deep cerebellar nuclear complex	
UBERON:0024254	obsolete regional part of autonomic nervous system	
UBERON:0024285	obsolete regional part of basal part of pons	
UBERON:0024314	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of parietal lobe	
UBERON:0024326	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of anterior hypothalamic region	
UBERON:0024329	obsolete predominantly white regional part of cerebral peduncle	
UBERON:0024335	obsolete predominantly white regional part of anterior hypothalamic region	
UBERON:0024347	obsolete regional part of orbital gyri complex	
UBERON:0024381	obsolete regional part of transverse frontopolar gyri complex	
UBERON:0024382	ventral nerve root of lumbar spinal cord	
UBERON:0024394	obsolete regional part of Parahippocampal gyrus	
UBERON:0024397	obsolete regional part of tuberomammillary nucleus	
UBERON:0024437	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of medial mammillary nucleus	
UBERON:0024439	obsolete superficial feature part of frontal lobe	
UBERON:0024449	hemispheric parts of the cerebellar cortex	
UBERON:0024479	obsolete regional part of inferior parietal cortex	
UBERON:0024501	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of occipital lobe	
UBERON:0024518	obsolete regional part of neuraxis cavity	
UBERON:0024524	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of midbrain reticular formation	
UBERON:0024528	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of oculomotor nuclear complex	
UBERON:0024541	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of red nucleus	
UBERON:0024550	obsolete predominantly white regional part of red nucleus	
UBERON:0024559	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of habenula	
UBERON:0024621	regional part of sacral spinal cord white matter	
UBERON:0024622	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of basal nuclear complex	
UBERON:0024653	obsolete superficial feature part of temporal lobe	
UBERON:0024708	obsolete superficial feature part of hypophysis	
UBERON:0024714	obsolete regional part of cingulate gyrus	
UBERON:0024721	obsolete regional part of outer ear	
UBERON:0024749	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of temporal lobe	
UBERON:0024762	regional part of lumbar spinal cord white matter	
UBERON:0024793	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of thalamus	
UBERON:0024800	obsolete predominantly white regional part of thalamus	
UBERON:0024826	obsolete regional part of middle ear	
UBERON:0024828	obsolete regional part of Preoptic area	
UBERON:0024900	left sub-lobar region	
UBERON:0024901	right sub-lobar region	
UBERON:0024904	regional part of retina	
UBERON:0024907	hemisphere parts of cerebral cortex	
UBERON:0024914	circuit part of central nervous system	
UBERON:0024940	ganglion part of peripheral nervous system	
UBERON:0024946	regional part of cochlear canal	
UBERON:0024952	duct part of cochlear canal	
UBERON:0024962	obsolete predominantly gray part of ventral cochlear nucleus	
UBERON:0025033	obsolete predominantly gray part of solitary nucleus	
UBERON:0025067	obsolete regional part of corticomedial nuclear complex	
UBERON:0025078	obsolete regional part of olfactory cortex	
UBERON:0025096	superior calcarine sulcus	
UBERON:0025102	inferior occipital sulcus	
UBERON:0025103	inferior calcarine sulcus	
UBERON:0025104	ectocalcarine sulcus	
UBERON:0025116	superficial feature part of parietal cortex	
UBERON:0025128	obsolete regional part of longitudinal fissure	
UBERON:0025147	obsolete cytoarchitectural part of occipital lobe	
UBERON:0025148	obsolete cytoarchitectural part of frontal lobe	
UBERON:0025182	regional part of gustatory epithelium	
UBERON:0025236	regional part of cervical spinal cord white matter	
UBERON:0025250	obsolete predominantly white regional part of fornix	
UBERON:0025254	obsolete regional part of anterior commissure	
UBERON:0025261	thalamic Fiber Tracts	
UBERON:0025268	obsolete regional part of hippocampal formation	
UBERON:0025284	obsolete regional part of substantia nigra	
UBERON:0025327	obsolete regional part of inferior frontal gyrus	
UBERON:0025337	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of limbic lobe	
UBERON:0025338	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of septal nuclear complex	
UBERON:0025409	obsolete regional part of neurohypophysis	
UBERON:0025418	obsolete regional part of cingulate cortex	
UBERON:0025444	regional part of cerebellar white matter	
UBERON:0025473	regional part of thoracic spinal cord gray matter	
UBERON:0025525	motor system	
UBERON:0025533	proprioceptive system	
UBERON:0025534	sensorimotor	
UBERON:0025581	perirhinal cortex of primate of Burwell et al 1995	
UBERON:0025584	perirhinal cortex of rodent of Burwell et al 1995	
UBERON:0025588	histaminergic system	
UBERON:0025589	catecholamine system	
UBERON:0025591	gABAergic system	
UBERON:0025592	glutamatergic system	
UBERON:0025593	serotonergic system	
UBERON:0025595	cholinergic system	
UBERON:0025619	part of neuraxis	
UBERON:0025677	paravermis parts of the cerebellar cortex	
UBERON:0025736	chemoarchitectural part of neostriatum	
UBERON:0025744	obsolete regional part of dorsal cochlear nucleus	
UBERON:0025763	rostral sulcus	
UBERON:0025764	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of adenohypophysis	
UBERON:0025768	posterior middle temporal sulcus	
UBERON:0025772	spur of arcuate sulcus	
UBERON:0025778	obsolete predominantly white regional part of basal part of pons	
UBERON:0025811	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of pontine tegmentum	
UBERON:0025827	obsolete regional part of pontine reticular formation	
UBERON:0025828	obsolete regional part of superior olivary complex	
UBERON:0025829	anterior parieto-occipital sulcus	
UBERON:0025848	obsolete regional part of anterior nucleus of hypothalamus	
UBERON:0025883	superior ramus of arcuate sulcus	
UBERON:0025897	obsolete regional part of dentate gyrus	
UBERON:0025899	obsolete predominantly white regional part of hippocampal formation	
UBERON:0025903	principal sulcus	
UBERON:0025927	obsolete regional part of enteric nervous system	
UBERON:0025928	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of basal part of pons	
UBERON:0025930	obsolete regional part of dentate nucleus	
UBERON:0025934	obsolete regional part of hippocampus proper	
UBERON:0025983	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of orbital gyri complex	
UBERON:0025993	obsolete predominantly gray medial regional part of thalamus	
UBERON:0026000	obsolete regional part of cerebral ventricular cavity	
UBERON:0026001	obsolete regional part of median eminence	
UBERON:0026006	dorsal nerve root of lumbar spinal cord	
UBERON:0026020	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of transverse frontopolar gyri complex	
UBERON:0026032	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of Parahippocampal gyrus	
UBERON:0026040	obsolete predominantly gray dorsal regional part of thalamus	
UBERON:0026048	obsolete predominantly white dorsal regional part of thalamus	
UBERON:0026063	obsolete regional part of middle frontal gyrus	
UBERON:0026079	obsolete regional part of suprachiasmatic nucleus	
UBERON:0026106	obsolete superficial feature part of cerebral peduncle	
UBERON:0026113	obsolete regional part of neostriatum	
UBERON:0026117	obsolete predominantly Gray regional part of inferior parietal cortex	
UBERON:0026137	annectant gyrus	
UBERON:0026153	obsolete regional part of paraventricular nucleus of hypothalamus	
UBERON:0026246	sacral spinal cord white matter	
UBERON:0026270	obsolete predominantly gray anterior regional part of thalamus	
UBERON:0026271	regional part of cervical spinal cord gray matter	
UBERON:0026293	thoracic spinal cord gray commissure	
UBERON:0026296	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of cingulate gyrus	
UBERON:0026324	obsolete regional part of transverse temporal cortex	
UBERON:0026382	inferior ramus of arcuate sulcus	
UBERON:0026384	lateral orbital sulcus	
UBERON:0026386	lumbar spinal cord white matter	
UBERON:0026391	medial orbital sulcus	
UBERON:0026445	obsolete predominantly gray ventral regional part of thalamus	
UBERON:0026456	obsolete predominantly gray posterior regional part of thalamus	
UBERON:0026536	obsolete regional part of cochlea	
UBERON:0026541	dorsomedial subnucleus of solitary tract	
UBERON:0026546	principal neuronal circuit	
UBERON:0026547	intrinsic neuronal circuit	
UBERON:0026564	regional part of macula	
UBERON:0026584	tympanic canal	
UBERON:0026586	vestibular canal	
UBERON:0026588	obsolete regional part of cochlear duct	
UBERON:0026602	spinal ganglion part of peripheral nervous system	
UBERON:0026663	dorsolateral subnucleus of solitary tract	
UBERON:0026666	parvicellular subnucleus of solitary tract	
UBERON:0026686	obsolete regional part of basolateral nuclear complex	
UBERON:0026700	obsolete predominantly gray part of corticomedial nuclear complex	
UBERON:0026719	intermediate frontal sulcus	
UBERON:0026720	obsolete regional part of posterior superior frontal sulcus	
UBERON:0026721	medial precentral sulcus	
UBERON:0026722	transverse parietal sulcus	
UBERON:0026723	inferior Parietal Sulcus	
UBERON:0026724	superior parietal sulcus	
UBERON:0026725	angular sulcus	
UBERON:0026760	inferior Sagittal Sulcus	
UBERON:0026761	superior Sagittal Sulcus	
UBERON:0026762	obsolete regional part of calcarine sulcus	
UBERON:0026765	Hadjikhani et al. (1998) visuotopic partition scheme region	
UBERON:0026775	Tootell and Hadjikhani (2001) LOC/LOP complex	
UBERON:0026776	Press, Brewer, Dougherty, Wade and Wandell (2001) Visuotopic area V7	
UBERON:0026777	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) prefrontal cortical partition scheme region	
UBERON:0026845	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of Preoptic area	
UBERON:0026921	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of substantia nigra	
UBERON:0026966	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of inferior frontal gyrus	
UBERON:0026975	obsolete predominantly white regional part of anterior commissure	
UBERON:0026982	obsolete predominantly gray midline regional part of thalamus	
UBERON:0026986	obsolete regional part of superior temporal sulcus	
UBERON:0027007	regional part of thoracic spinal cord white matter	
UBERON:0027052	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of neurohypophysis	
UBERON:0027061	isthmus of cingulate cortex	
UBERON:0027076	obsolete regional part of Anterior cingulate cortex	
UBERON:0027078	obsolete predominantly gray intralaminal regional part of thalamus	
UBERON:0027094	obsolete regional part of cerebellar peduncular complex	
UBERON:0027103	obsolete predominantly gray lateral regional part of thalamus	
UBERON:0027109	lateral eminence of hypophysis	
UBERON:0027113	anterior middle temporal sulcus	
UBERON:0027221	adrenergic system	
UBERON:0027225	noradrenergic system	
UBERON:0027227	obsolete cytoarchitectural part of retina	
UBERON:0027239	dopaminergic system	
UBERON:0027243	obsolete matrix part of body of caudate nucleus	
UBERON:0027244	striosomal part of body of caudate nucleus	
UBERON:0027245	matrix part of head of caudate nucleus	
UBERON:0027246	matrix part of tail of caudate nucleus	
UBERON:0027247	obsolete striosomal part of tail of caudate nucleus	
UBERON:0027285	regional Parts of the Paravermal Lobules	
UBERON:0027309	paravermis of the posterior lobe of the cerebellum	
UBERON:0027310	paravermis of the anterior lobe of the cerebellum	
UBERON:0027314	regional Parts of the Interpositus Nucleus	
UBERON:0027331	hemispheric part of the flocculonodular lobe of the cerebellum	
UBERON:0027333	arbor Vitae	
UBERON:0027352	obsolete regional part of supraoptic nucleus	
UBERON:0027368	matrix compartment	
UBERON:0027371	striosome	
UBERON:0027376	obsolete cytoarchitectural part of dorsal cochlear nucleus	
UBERON:0027417	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of dentate nucleus	
UBERON:0027453	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of pontine reticular formation	
UBERON:0027513	posterior superior frontal sulcus	
UBERON:0027563	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of dentate gyrus	
UBERON:0027584	obsolete regional part of caudate nucleus	
UBERON:0027600	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of neostriatum	
UBERON:0027603	obsolete regional part of globus pallidus	
UBERON:0027604	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of ventral nuclear group	
UBERON:0027631	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of medial dorsal nucleus	
UBERON:0027649	obsolete regional part of lateral ventricle	
UBERON:0027651	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of median eminence	
UBERON:0027665	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of metathalamus	
UBERON:0027687	obsolete predominantly white dorsal regional part of metathalamus	
UBERON:0027716	anterior superior frontal sulcus	
UBERON:0027728	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of anterior nuclear group	
UBERON:0027748	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of superior olivary complex	
UBERON:0027755	obsolete predominantly white regional part of superior olivary complex	
UBERON:0027758	obsolete regional part of paraventricular nucleus of hypothalamus magnocellular division	
UBERON:0027760	obsolete regional part of superior olive	
UBERON:0027768	suprachiasmatic nucleus dorsomedial part	
UBERON:0027771	suprachiasmatic nucleus ventrolateral part	
UBERON:0027796	regional part of thoracic spinal cord dorsal horn	
UBERON:0027814	obsolete regional part of paraventricular nucleus of hypothalamus descending division	
UBERON:0027828	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of hippocampal formation	
UBERON:0027874	regional part of sacral spinal cord gray matter	
UBERON:0028010	regional part of lumbar spinal cord gray matter	
UBERON:0028079	regional part of cervical spinal cord dorsal horn	
UBERON:0028186	spiral ligament of cochlea	
UBERON:0028192	obsolete regional part of spiral organ of Corti	
UBERON:0028194	spiral prominence of cochlea	
UBERON:0028200	regional part of fovea	
UBERON:0028205	regional part of vestibular ganglion	
UBERON:0028314	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of amygdala	
UBERON:0028317	obsolete predominantly gray part of basolateral nuclear complex	
UBERON:0028326	obsolete regional part of basal amygdaloid nucleus	
UBERON:0028337	obsolete regional part of entorhinal cortex	
UBERON:0028395	calcarine Sulcus (dorsal)	
UBERON:0028396	calcarine Sulcus (ventral)	
UBERON:0028398	hadjikhani et al. (1998) Visuotopic area V1d	
UBERON:0028399	hadjikhani et al. (1998) Visuotopic area V1v	
UBERON:0028401	hadjikhani et al. (1998) Visuotopic area V2v	
UBERON:0028402	hadjikhani et al. (1998) Visuotopic area V3	
UBERON:0028403	hadjikhani et al. (1998) Visuotopic area V3A	
UBERON:0028404	hadjikhani et al. (1998) Visuotopic area VP	
UBERON:0028405	hadjikhani et al. (1998) Visuotopic area V4v	
UBERON:0028406	hadjikhani et al. (1998) Visuotopic area V8	
UBERON:0028412	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 10p	
UBERON:0028413	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 10r	
UBERON:0028414	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 10o	
UBERON:0028415	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 10m	
UBERON:0028416	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 11m	
UBERON:0028417	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 47s	
UBERON:0028418	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 13b	
UBERON:0028419	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 13a	
UBERON:0028420	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 14r	
UBERON:0028421	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 14c	
UBERON:0028422	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 24	
UBERON:0028423	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 25	
UBERON:0028424	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 32	
UBERON:0028425	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area G	
UBERON:0028426	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area PrCO	
UBERON:0028427	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 11l	
UBERON:0028428	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 13m	
UBERON:0028429	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 13l	
UBERON:0028430	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 47l	
UBERON:0028431	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 47m	
UBERON:0028432	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 47r	
UBERON:0028433	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area Iam	
UBERON:0028434	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area Ial	
UBERON:0028435	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area Iai	
UBERON:0028436	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 9	
UBERON:0028437	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area 10l	
UBERON:0028439	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area Iapm	
UBERON:0028440	Ongur, Price, and Ferry (2003) area AON	
UBERON:0028544	obsolete predominantly gray part of posterior nuclear complex	
UBERON:0028615	obsolete predominantly gray part of Intralaminar nuclear group	
UBERON:0028616	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of midline nuclear group	
UBERON:0028622	banks of superior temporal sulcus	
UBERON:0028715	caudal anterior cingulate cortex	
UBERON:0028725	obsolete regional part of substantia nigra pars reticulata	
UBERON:0028744	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of lateral nuclear group	
UBERON:0028918	paravermic Lobule II	
UBERON:0028919	paravermic Lobule III	
UBERON:0028920	paravermic Lobule IV	
UBERON:0028921	paravermic Lobule IX	
UBERON:0028922	paravermic Lobule V	
UBERON:0028923	paravermic Lobule VI	
UBERON:0028924	paravermic Lobule VII	
UBERON:0028925	paravermic Lobule VIII	
UBERON:0029001	matrix compartment of caudate nucleus	
UBERON:0029002	matrix compartment of putamen	
UBERON:0029004	striosomal part of caudate nucleus	
UBERON:0029005	striosomal part of putamen	
UBERON:0029009	granular cell layer of dorsal cochlear nucleus	
UBERON:0029140	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of ventral lateral nucleus	
UBERON:0029215	obsolete predominantly white dorsal regional part of medial geniculate body	
UBERON:0029396	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of superior olive	
UBERON:0029415	obsolete regional part of paraventricular nucleus of hypothalamus magnocellular division - posterior magnocellular part	
UBERON:0029503	sacral spinal cord gray matter	
UBERON:0029538	sacral spinal cord lateral horn	
UBERON:0029594	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of lateral geniculate body	
UBERON:0029603	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of medial geniculate body	
UBERON:0029626	cervical spinal cord gray commissure	
UBERON:0029629	obsolete predominantly white regional part of globus pallidus	
UBERON:0029636	lumbar spinal cord gray matter	
UBERON:0029681	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of ventral posterior nucleus	
UBERON:0029822	obsolete regional part of basilar membrane	
UBERON:0029861	obsolete regional part of trapezoid nuclear complex	
UBERON:0029954	obsolete regional part of lateral amygdaloid nucleus	
UBERON:0029960	obsolete predominantly gray part of basal amygdaloid nucleus	
UBERON:0030119	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of ventral anterior nucleus	
UBERON:0030242	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of pulvinar	
UBERON:0030276	lumbar spinal cord ventral horn	
UBERON:0030330	obsolete predominantly gray part of rostral intralaminar nuclei	
UBERON:0030649	cytoarchitecture of entorhinal cortex	
UBERON:0031111	sacral spinal cord gray commissure	
UBERON:0031196	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of globus pallidus	
UBERON:0031314	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of ventral posterolateral nucleus	
UBERON:0031906	lumbar spinal cord lateral horn	
UBERON:0031948	obsolete predominantly gray regional part of ventral posteromedial nucleus	
UBERON:0032288	pyramidal layer of entorhinal cortex	
UBERON:0032748	sacral spinal cord ventral horn	
UBERON:0033483	lumbar spinal cord gray commissure	
UBERON:0033939	sacral spinal cord dorsal horn	
UBERON:0034667	regional part of lumbar spinal cord dorsal horn	
UBERON:0034670	palatal taste bud	
UBERON:0034671	arcuate sulcus	
UBERON:0034672	lateral eminence of fourth ventricle	
UBERON:0034673	amygdalohippocampal area	
UBERON:0034674	sulcus of limbic lobe	
UBERON:0034676	forceps major of corpus callosum	
UBERON:0034678	forceps minor of corpus callosum	
UBERON:0034680	laryngeal prominence	
UBERON:0034681	vocal organ	
UBERON:0034688	spermatic fascia	
UBERON:0034690	external spermatic fascia	
UBERON:0034691	internal spermatic fascia	
UBERON:0034693	cremasteric artery	
UBERON:0034694	gubernacular bulb, intra-abdominal part	
UBERON:0034695	gubernacular bulb, extra-abdominal part	
UBERON:0034696	fold of peritoneum	
UBERON:0034697	inflow tract	
UBERON:0034698	inflow tract of ventricle	
UBERON:0034699	inflow tract of atrium	
UBERON:0034703	inflow tract of right ventricle	
UBERON:0034704	inflow tract of left ventricle	
UBERON:0034705	developing neuroepithelium	
UBERON:0034706	proliferating neuroepithelium	
UBERON:0034707	differentiating neuroepithelium	
UBERON:0034708	cerebellum marginal layer	
UBERON:0034709	hindbrain marginal layer	
UBERON:0034710	spinal cord ventricular layer	
UBERON:0034711	cortical preplate	
UBERON:0034712	yellow fibrocartilage	
UBERON:0034713	cranial neuron projection bundle	
UBERON:0034714	epiphyseal tract	
UBERON:0034715	pineal tract	
UBERON:0034716	rostral epiphyseal tract	
UBERON:0034717	integumental taste bud	
UBERON:0034718	barbel taste bud	
UBERON:0034719	lip taste bud	
UBERON:0034720	head taste bud	
UBERON:0034721	pharyngeal taste bud	
UBERON:0034722	mouth roof taste bud	
UBERON:0034723	fin taste bud	
UBERON:0034724	esophageal taste bud	
UBERON:0034725	pterygopalatine nerve	
UBERON:0034726	trunk taste bud	
UBERON:0034727	vestibular bulb artery	
UBERON:0034728	autonomic nerve	
UBERON:0034729	sympathetic nerve	
UBERON:0034730	olfactory tract linking bulb to ipsilateral dorsal telencephalon	
UBERON:0034734	medial olfactory stria	
UBERON:0034735	oviduct albumen gland	
UBERON:4200248	hypophysial region	
UBERON:4200250	meckelian bone	
UBERON:4200251	meckelian foramen	


OBSOLETIONS
===========
UBERON:0002003, obsolete peripheral nerve
UBERON:0002554, obsolete regional part of superior colliculus
UBERON:0002574, obsolete regional part of inferior olivary complex
UBERON:0002579, obsolete regional part of medullary reticular formation
UBERON:0002584, obsolete regional part of vestibular nuclear complex
UBERON:0002619, obsolete regional part of cerebral cortex
UBERON:0002621, obsolete regional part of cochlear nuclear complex
UBERON:0002635, obsolete regional part of midbrain tegmentum
UBERON:0002677, obsolete regional part of medullary raphe nuclear complex
UBERON:0002678, obsolete regional part of medulla oblongata
UBERON:0002680, obsolete regional part of metencephalon
UBERON:0002757, obsolete regional part of epithalamus
UBERON:0002780, obsolete regional part of forebrain
UBERON:0002784, obsolete regional part of diencephalon
UBERON:0002785, obsolete regional part of lateral hypothalamic region
UBERON:0002789, obsolete regional part of posterior hypothalamic region
UBERON:0002791, obsolete regional part of telencephalon
UBERON:0002917, obsolete regional part of inferior colliculus
UBERON:0002950, obsolete regional part of midbrain
UBERON:0002951, obsolete regional part of intermediate hypothalamic region
UBERON:0002966, obsolete regional part of midbrain tectum
UBERON:0003047, obsolete regional part of pretectal region
UBERON:0003048, obsolete regional part of hypothalamus
UBERON:0005073, obsolete preganglionic parasympathetic nervous system
UBERON:0005074, obsolete postganglionic parasympathetic nervous system
UBERON:0014934, obsolete cerebral cortex mantle layer


TERM MERGES
===========
UBERON:0001147, trunk of peripheral nerve was merged into UBERON:0002464, nerve trunk
UBERON:0005466, paravertebral ganglia was merged into UBERON:0001807, paravertebral ganglion
UBERON:0009123, otic cup was merged into UBERON:0006273, otic pit


TERM CHANGES
============

KEY:  'A' : added, 'D' : deleted, 'C' : changed

Term ID	name	alt_id	def	comment	subset	synonym	xref	is_a	intersection_of	relationship	is_obsolete	replaced_by	consider	
UBERON:0000004			A											
UBERON:0000006			C											
UBERON:0000007						2 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0000010							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0000011							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0000012						2 D, 2 A								
UBERON:0000013							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0000019							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0000033							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0000044			C					1 D	1 D, 2 A	1 D, 3 A				
UBERON:0000045														
UBERON:0000052							5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0000053							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0000057			C											
UBERON:0000064						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0000073			C			1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0000089						1 D, 2 A								
UBERON:0000114			C											
UBERON:0000121														
UBERON:0000123										1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0000124										2 D, 2 A				
UBERON:0000125						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0000126			C						2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0000127			A				1 D, 1 A		2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0000155				D										
UBERON:0000164			C											
UBERON:0000203							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0000204							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0000209			C											
UBERON:0000211							1 D	1 D, 1 A		1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0000305			C											
UBERON:0000333						3 D								
UBERON:0000348						1 A		1 D, 1 A		1 A				
UBERON:0000351								2 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0000362			C											
UBERON:0000373							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0000375								2 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0000377								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0000388			C											
UBERON:0000391						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0000395									2 D, 1 A	1 A				
UBERON:0000396							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0000401			C											
UBERON:0000407			C											
UBERON:0000408								2 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0000411							2 A	1 D, 2 A		1 A				
UBERON:0000431								1 D						
UBERON:0000432							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0000433							1 A							
UBERON:0000434							2 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0000435						2 D, 2 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0000445								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0000446						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0000451							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A		1 A				
UBERON:0000453								1 D						
UBERON:0000460			C											
UBERON:0000467						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0000473			C			26 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0000474			C											
UBERON:0000908			C				4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0000929								2 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0000930														
UBERON:0000935						2 D, 1 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0000936							5 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0000941			C			3 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A	4 D, 3 A	3 D, 3 A	3 D, 4 A				
UBERON:0000942								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0000946			C											
UBERON:0000947			C					1 A		1 A				
UBERON:0000955							4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0000956						1 D	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0000959			C			1 D	4 D, 6 A	2 D, 1 A	4 A	2 D, 2 A				
UBERON:0000962									2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0000964			C											
UBERON:0000965														
UBERON:0000966							3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0000977			C											
UBERON:0000988							7 D, 6 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0000989			C											
UBERON:0000992			C											
UBERON:0000993			C			4 A								
UBERON:0000995			C											
UBERON:0000996														
UBERON:0001000			C											
UBERON:0001004														
UBERON:0001013			C											
UBERON:0001017			C			2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0001018						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0001019			C											
UBERON:0001020														
UBERON:0001021			C			1 A	15 A							
UBERON:0001033			C											
UBERON:0001040			C											
UBERON:0001046			C											
UBERON:0001049							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0001052			C											
UBERON:0001063			C			1 D, 1 A	2 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A		1 A				
UBERON:0001072						1 A				1 D				
UBERON:0001078			C											
UBERON:0001097			C											
UBERON:0001111			C											
UBERON:0001132			C	D										
UBERON:0001135			C											
UBERON:0001143				D						1 D				
UBERON:0001148								1 D						
UBERON:0001152			C						3 A					
UBERON:0001165			C											
UBERON:0001166			C											
UBERON:0001167			C											
UBERON:0001172			C							2 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0001174			C											
UBERON:0001178			C					2 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0001179			C					1 D, 1 A	3 D, 4 A	2 D, 3 A				
UBERON:0001200			C											
UBERON:0001201			C											
UBERON:0001203			C											
UBERON:0001211			C											
UBERON:0001213			C											
UBERON:0001229			C											
UBERON:0001230			C	D										
UBERON:0001235			C											
UBERON:0001236			C											
UBERON:0001241			C											
UBERON:0001244			C											
UBERON:0001247								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0001250			C											
UBERON:0001251			C					1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0001257			C											
UBERON:0001259			C			7 D								
UBERON:0001267								1 D						
UBERON:0001279			C	D										
UBERON:0001282			C											
UBERON:0001288			C											
UBERON:0001289			C											
UBERON:0001291			C											
UBERON:0001295			C											
UBERON:0001296			C	D										
UBERON:0001299			C											
UBERON:0001300			C											
UBERON:0001301			C											
UBERON:0001302														
UBERON:0001305				D										
UBERON:0001322							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0001323								1 D						
UBERON:0001324								1 D						
UBERON:0001335			C					1 D, 1 A		1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0001337			C							1 A				
UBERON:0001340										1 A				
UBERON:0001342										2 D				
UBERON:0001343			C											
UBERON:0001359							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0001366			C	D				2 D, 1 A		1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0001384						1 D	1 A	1 D, 2 A		1 A				
UBERON:0001393							1 A	1 D, 2 A		1 A				
UBERON:0001427			C											
UBERON:0001439			C											
UBERON:0001451			C	D										
UBERON:0001471			C			8 D								
UBERON:0001492								1 D						
UBERON:0001493								1 D						
UBERON:0001494								1 D						
UBERON:0001508			C											
UBERON:0001515			C											
UBERON:0001529			C											
UBERON:0001535			C	A										
UBERON:0001542			C											
UBERON:0001543			C											
UBERON:0001564			C											
UBERON:0001579						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 5 A		3 A	2 A				
UBERON:0001581			C											
UBERON:0001585						1 A								
UBERON:0001598			C											
UBERON:0001621														
UBERON:0001639										1 D				
UBERON:0001640										1 D				
UBERON:0001643						4 D, 3 A	3 D, 4 A		4 A	3 D, 3 A				
UBERON:0001644						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 3 A		1 D, 2 A	1 D, 2 A				
UBERON:0001645						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A		5 A	1 D, 5 A				
UBERON:0001646						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A		3 A	2 A				
UBERON:0001647						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 4 A	2 D	1 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A				
UBERON:0001648						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 5 A		3 A	1 D, 3 A				
UBERON:0001649						3 D, 3 A	4 D, 5 A			1 D, 4 A				
UBERON:0001650						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 3 A		1 A	1 A				
UBERON:0001675									2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0001676			C											
UBERON:0001678			C											
UBERON:0001680			C											
UBERON:0001683			C											
UBERON:0001690							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0001691							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0001699							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0001700			C						2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0001701								1 D, 1 A	2 A	2 D, 3 A				
UBERON:0001714		1 A	C			1 A	1 A		2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0001715						1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A	1 D						
UBERON:0001717			C				2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0001718			C			2 D, 2 A	4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0001719						1 D, 1 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0001720			C					1 D	2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0001721							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0001722						1 D	6 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0001726							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0001727			C					1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0001728			C											
UBERON:0001729			C											
UBERON:0001732			C											
UBERON:0001735			C											
UBERON:0001736			C			1 A								
UBERON:0001738			C											
UBERON:0001740			C											
UBERON:0001743								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0001756							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0001759						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 4 A		2 A	1 D, 2 A				
UBERON:0001762			C											
UBERON:0001766			C											
UBERON:0001767			C											
UBERON:0001768			C											
UBERON:0001769			C											
UBERON:0001771			C											
UBERON:0001772			C											
UBERON:0001775			C											
UBERON:0001777			C							2 A				
UBERON:0001780			C			1 D, 1 A			1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0001783										1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0001785							2 D, 3 A	2 D, 2 A	3 A	3 D, 4 A				
UBERON:0001786						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0001791						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0001792														
UBERON:0001793						1 A	1 A							
UBERON:0001795						2 D, 2 A								
UBERON:0001801			C							1 A				
UBERON:0001802			C							1 A				
UBERON:0001804			C											
UBERON:0001805							1 A			1 A				
UBERON:0001806			C							1 D, 2 A				
UBERON:0001807		1 A				1 D, 6 A	3 A		2 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0001808										1 A				
UBERON:0001811			C											
UBERON:0001814						1 D	1 D							
UBERON:0001817														
UBERON:0001820			C											
UBERON:0001825			C											
UBERON:0001832			C											
UBERON:0001844			C				2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0001846							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0001853			C											
UBERON:0001854			C											
UBERON:0001855						3 D, 3 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0001860			C											
UBERON:0001863			C					1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0001864			C					1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0001869							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0001870							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0001871			C	A			6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0001872			C			1 D	6 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0001873							6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0001874							5 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0001875						2 D, 2 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0001876						1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0001877						2 D, 1 A	5 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0001878						1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0001879							3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0001880						4 D, 6 A	4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0001881							5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0001882						1 D	6 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0001883							3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0001884								1 D						
UBERON:0001885							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0001886							1 A							
UBERON:0001887			C			1 D	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0001888	C		C				7 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0001889								1 D	2 A					
UBERON:0001890						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0001891						1 D, 1 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0001892							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0001893						1 D	6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0001894						2 D, 1 A	8 D, 7 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0001895							4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0001896						3 D	6 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0001897			C			1 D, 1 A	6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0001898						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0001899			C			1 D, 1 A	6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0001900						4 D, 4 A	4 D, 4 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0001901			C											
UBERON:0001903							3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0001904						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0001905			C			2 D, 2 A	5 D, 5 A	1 D						
UBERON:0001906							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0001907							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0001908							4 D, 6 A			2 D, 3 A				
UBERON:0001909						1 D, 1 A	5 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0001910						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0001920						1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0001921						5 D, 3 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0001922						7 D, 7 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0001923						4 D, 4 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0001924						5 D, 5 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0001925						7 D, 7 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0001926			C			3 D, 3 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0001927			C			2 D, 2 A	4 D, 4 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0001928						1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0001929						1 D, 1 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0001930			C			1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0001931						1 D, 1 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0001932						2 D, 1 A	7 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0001933						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0001934						1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0001935						1 D, 1 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0001936						6 D, 6 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0001937						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0001938						1 D, 1 A	7 D, 7 A							
UBERON:0001939						1 D, 1 A	7 D, 7 A							
UBERON:0001940						1 D, 1 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0001941						4 D, 4 A	4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0001942						5 D, 5 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0001943						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A	2 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0001944							6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0001945						1 D	5 D, 5 A	1 D, 1 A		1 A				
UBERON:0001946							5 D, 5 A	1 D, 1 A		1 A				
UBERON:0001947			C			2 D, 1 A	6 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0001950						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0001953						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0001954				D		2 D, 2 A	5 D, 5 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0001959			C											
UBERON:0001965						3 D, 3 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0001966						1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0001976			C											
UBERON:0001979			C							2 A				
UBERON:0001983			C											
UBERON:0001987								1 D						
UBERON:0001990			C											
UBERON:0001994						1 D, 2 A								
UBERON:0001995						2 A								
UBERON:0001996						2 A								
UBERON:0001997						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002002										1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0002003	C			C		1 D, 1 A	16 D	2 D		2 D	A	1 A		
UBERON:0002004								1 D, 1 A	2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0002005							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002012			C			2 D, 2 A			1 A	3 A				
UBERON:0002015			C											
UBERON:0002016														
UBERON:0002019			C	D		2 D, 2 A	3 D, 4 A	1 D, 1 A	2 A	2 A				
UBERON:0002020							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002021			C				5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002022		1 A	C			1 D, 2 A	4 D, 5 A	3 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0002023							6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002025			C	D										
UBERON:0002026			C											
UBERON:0002027			C											
UBERON:0002028							6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002034			C			2 D, 2 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002035						2 D, 1 A	7 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002037						1 D	6 D, 6 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0002038						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002040								1 D	3 A	1 A				
UBERON:0002043						3 D, 3 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002044						1 D, 1 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002045						3 D, 3 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002047							6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002053			C											
UBERON:0002054			C											
UBERON:0002055			C											
UBERON:0002058								1 A		1 A				
UBERON:0002059			C							1 A				
UBERON:0002063			C			1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0002068								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0002069			C											
UBERON:0002104														
UBERON:0002106			C											
UBERON:0002108														
UBERON:0002115			C			1 A								
UBERON:0002116			C			1 A								
UBERON:0002123			C	D										
UBERON:0002127							5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002128			C	D		3 D, 2 A	5 D, 7 A			1 A				
UBERON:0002129						1 D	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002130						1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002131			C			1 D, 2 A								
UBERON:0002132			C			1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002136							2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0002138						1 D, 2 A	1 D, 4 A			1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0002139							4 D, 4 A	1 D						
UBERON:0002140			C			1 D, 1 A	6 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002141			C			1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002142						1 D, 1 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002143						3 D, 3 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002144						1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002145						3 D, 1 A	6 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002147							3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002148						4 D, 4 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002149			C				5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002150			C			1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002151			C			3 D, 2 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002152			C			1 D, 1 A	5 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002153			C				6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002154							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002155			C			1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002156						1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002157							5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002158						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002159							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002160						2 D, 2 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002161			C			2 D, 2 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002162						3 D, 1 A	7 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A		1 A				
UBERON:0002163			C			1 D, 1 A	5 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002164							3 D, 3 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0002173			C											
UBERON:0002176							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002181						4 D, 2 A	3 D							
UBERON:0002185			C											
UBERON:0002186			C											
UBERON:0002187			C											
UBERON:0002191			C	D		2 D, 1 A	7 D, 6 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0002192							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002196						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002197			C			1 D, 1 A	5 D, 6 A	1 D						
UBERON:0002198						2 D, 2 A	4 D, 4 A	1 D						
UBERON:0002206			C			1 D, 1 A	7 D, 7 A							
UBERON:0002211			C			1 A				1 D, 3 A				
UBERON:0002212			C											
UBERON:0002214			C											
UBERON:0002219							2 D, 2 A	1 D						
UBERON:0002226							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002227							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002233							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002236			C											
UBERON:0002240							4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002242			C	A										
UBERON:0002245							4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002246						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0002247			C											
UBERON:0002256						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002257						3 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002259							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002260						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0002261										1 A				
UBERON:0002264			C			1 D	4 D, 3 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0002265			C				3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002266						2 D	4 D, 4 A			1 D				
UBERON:0002267							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002270								2 D						
UBERON:0002271							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002272						2 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002273							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002274							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002282							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002285						2 D	6 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002286						1 D	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002287														
UBERON:0002288			C				1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002289							4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002290			C				2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002291							3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002295			C	A										
UBERON:0002298							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002302			C											
UBERON:0002305						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0002307			C				2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002309							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002310						3 D, 3 A	5 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002313						3 D, 3 A								
UBERON:0002314							4 D, 4 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0002315							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002316							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002317							4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002318							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002321			A											
UBERON:0002327								1 D, 1 A	2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0002331														
UBERON:0002333			C			1 A	1 D			2 D, 2 A				
UBERON:0002334			C						2 A					
UBERON:0002336			C				3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002348				D										
UBERON:0002349			C											
UBERON:0002359				D										
UBERON:0002361						2 D, 2 A								
UBERON:0002362						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0002363						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0002371			C											
UBERON:0002372			C											
UBERON:0002392			C											
UBERON:0002395														
UBERON:0002396			C											
UBERON:0002407														
UBERON:0002410						1 D, 6 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002411			C											
UBERON:0002420							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002421							5 D, 5 A	1 D, 2 A		1 A				
UBERON:0002422						1 D	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002430						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002432			C	D										
UBERON:0002434			C			1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0002435						4 D, 4 A	7 D, 7 A							
UBERON:0002436						5 D, 5 A	2 D, 3 A			1 A				
UBERON:0002437							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002438						1 D, 1 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002439						3 D, 3 A								
UBERON:0002441			C							1 D				
UBERON:0002442								1 D, 1 A	2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0002444			C											
UBERON:0002448							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002450								1 D						
UBERON:0002451				D										
UBERON:0002453			C			1 A								
UBERON:0002464		1 A				2 A	3 A	1 D, 1 A	2 A	1 D, 2 A				
UBERON:0002467							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002468							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002474						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002475								1 D						
UBERON:0002476						5 D, 5 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002477						3 D, 3 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002478			C											
UBERON:0002479						2 D, 2 A	5 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002480						12 D, 12 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002483			C											
UBERON:0002484			C											
UBERON:0002486			C											
UBERON:0002487			C			1 A								
UBERON:0002489			C											
UBERON:0002491			C											
UBERON:0002492			C											
UBERON:0002493			C					1 A	2 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A				
UBERON:0002494			C											
UBERON:0002498			C											
UBERON:0002500			C											
UBERON:0002501			C											
UBERON:0002502			C											
UBERON:0002508			C											
UBERON:0002511			C											
UBERON:0002515			C											
UBERON:0002518			C					1 D, 1 A		1 A				
UBERON:0002530			C											
UBERON:0002549							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002550						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002551						2 D, 2 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002552			C				3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002554	C						2 D	1 D	2 D	1 D	A		2 A	
UBERON:0002555						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002556							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002557						2 D, 1 A	3 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002559							5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002560							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002561	C									1 D				
UBERON:0002562						3 D, 3 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002563						1 D	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002564							4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002565			C				5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002566						3 D, 3 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002567							4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002568							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002569						1 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002570							4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002571						2 D	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002572							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002573							3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002574	C					1 D, 1 A	2 D	1 D	2 D	1 D	A		2 A	
UBERON:0002575							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002576			C			1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002577							2 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002578							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002579	C					1 D, 1 A	2 D	1 D	2 D	1 D	A		2 A	
UBERON:0002580							4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002581							4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002582						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002583							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002584	C					1 D, 1 A	2 D	1 D	2 D	1 D	A		2 A	
UBERON:0002585						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D						
UBERON:0002586						4 D, 2 A	5 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002587							5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002588							4 D, 5 A	1 D	2 A					
UBERON:0002589			C			3 A	3 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002590						4 D, 3 A	6 D, 4 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0002591							3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002592			C				3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002593							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002594						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D						
UBERON:0002595						3 D, 3 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002596			C			3 D, 3 A	4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002597							5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002598						2 D, 2 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002599							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002600			C			1 D	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002601						1 D	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002602			C			1 A	2 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A		2 D				
UBERON:0002603							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002604							5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002605							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002606														
UBERON:0002607						2 D, 2 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002608						4 D, 4 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002609						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D						
UBERON:0002610						1 D	4 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002612						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002613							2 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A		1 D				
UBERON:0002614						4 D, 4 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002615						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 4 A	1 D	2 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0002616			C			1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0002617						4 D, 4 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002618						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A	1 D	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0002619	C					2 D, 1 A	14 D	1 D	2 D	1 D	A		5 A	
UBERON:0002620						1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002621	C					1 D, 1 A	2 D	1 D	2 D	1 D	A		2 A	
UBERON:0002622						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002623			C			2 D, 2 A	4 D, 3 A	1 D						
UBERON:0002624						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002625						1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002626							4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002627						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002628							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002629						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002630							4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002631						4 D, 1 A	3 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002632						2 D, 1 A	7 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002633			C				3 D, 4 A	1 D						
UBERON:0002634			C			3 D, 1 A	12 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002635	C					1 D, 1 A	2 D	2 D	2 D	1 D	A		2 A	
UBERON:0002636						5 D, 5 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002637						7 D, 6 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002638						4 D, 4 A	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002639			C			1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A	1 D						
UBERON:0002640			C			1 D, 1 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002641						3 D, 3 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002642			C				1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002643							5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002644							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002645						4 D, 3 A	4 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002646			C				1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002647						7 D, 5 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002648						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0002649			C			1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002650						6 D, 6 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002651			C				2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002652						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0002653			C			1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002654						5 D, 5 A	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002655						4 D	5 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002656						6 D, 6 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002657						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002658			C			1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D						
UBERON:0002659							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002660						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D						
UBERON:0002661			C				4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002662						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D						
UBERON:0002663							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002664						1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002665							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002666						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 4 A	1 D						
UBERON:0002667						3 D, 3 A	4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002668						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A	2 D	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0002669							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002670							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002671						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 4 A	1 D						
UBERON:0002672							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002673							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002675							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002676						5 D, 5 A	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002677	C					1 D, 1 A	2 D	1 D	2 D	1 D	A		2 A	
UBERON:0002678	C					1 D, 1 A	3 D	2 D	2 D	1 D	A		3 A	
UBERON:0002679						10 D, 10 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002680	C					1 D, 1 A	2 D	3 D	2 D	1 D	A		2 A	
UBERON:0002681						10 D, 9 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002682			C	D			6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002683						4 D, 4 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002684						1 D	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002685						9 D, 9 A	7 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002686			C				3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002687						7 D, 6 A	3 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002688			C				2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002689						4 D, 4 A	4 D, 4 A	1 D						
UBERON:0002690						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 5 A	1 D, 1 A		1 A				
UBERON:0002691			C			2 D, 2 A	5 D, 5 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0002692							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002693						3 D, 3 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002694						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002695						6 D, 6 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002696						1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002697						3 D, 3 A	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002698			C			4 D, 4 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002699						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002700						1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002701						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002702			C				4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002703			C				4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002704						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002705						2 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002706						2 D, 1 A	6 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002707						2 D, 1 A	7 D, 7 A							
UBERON:0002708						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002709			C			2 D, 2 A	5 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002710						4 D, 4 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002711						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002712						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002713						5 D, 5 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002714			C			1 D, 1 A	4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002715							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002716						2 D, 2 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002717						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002718							5 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002719							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002720						1 D, 1 A	6 D, 7 A							
UBERON:0002721						6 D, 6 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002722			C			1 D, 1 A	6 D, 6 A			1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0002723						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002724						3 D, 3 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002726							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002727							4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002728						1 D, 1 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002729							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002730						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0002731			A			1 A	2 D, 3 A	1 D	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0002732							4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002733						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002734						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002735							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002736						5 D, 5 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002738						2 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002739						3 D, 3 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002740						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002741							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002742							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002743							3 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0002744							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002745						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002746						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002747							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002748			C				1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002749						1 D, 1 A		1 D						
UBERON:0002750							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002751			C			1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002752							3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002753							4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002754							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002755						2 D, 2 A	5 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002756							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002757	C					1 D, 1 A	2 D	1 D	2 D	1 D	A		2 A	
UBERON:0002758						7 D, 7 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002759						6 D, 6 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002760			C			1 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002761						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002762			C				3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002763						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002764						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002765						6 D, 6 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002766							3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002767						2 D, 2 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002768							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002769			C			1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002770						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002771			C			1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002772						3 D, 3 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002773						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002774						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002775			A			2 D, 3 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002776						3 D, 3 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002778						4 D, 1 A	5 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002779			C			1 A	5 D, 6 A			1 A				
UBERON:0002780	C					1 D, 1 A	2 D	1 D	2 D	1 D	A		2 A	
UBERON:0002781						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002782			C		1 A	1 D, 2 A	5 D, 6 A			1 A				
UBERON:0002783							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002784	C						3 D	1 D	2 D	1 D	A		3 A	
UBERON:0002785	C					1 D, 1 A	2 D	1 D	2 D	1 D	A		2 A	
UBERON:0002786						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A	1 D	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0002787			A			2 A	2 D, 4 A		2 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0002788			C			6 D, 6 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002789	C					1 D, 1 A	2 D	1 D	2 D	1 D	A		2 A	
UBERON:0002790							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002791	C					1 D, 1 A	2 D	2 D	2 D	1 D	A		2 A	
UBERON:0002792							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002793			C				2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002794							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002795							4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002796							3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002797						1 D	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002798						1 D	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002799						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002800							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002801						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002802			C				1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002803			C				1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002806							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002807							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002808							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002809							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002810							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002811							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002812						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0002813						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0002814						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002815			C				2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002816						1 D, 1 A	1 A							
UBERON:0002817						1 D	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002818							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002819						3 D, 3 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002820		1 A	A			3 A	1 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002822							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002823						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002824							3 D, 3 A		2 D, 1 A	1 A				
UBERON:0002825							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002826							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002827			A			1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002828						2 D, 2 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002829						1 D, 1 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002830						3 D, 3 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002831						2 D, 2 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002832			A			3 A	3 D, 3 A			2 A				
UBERON:0002833			C			1 A	1 D, 1 A			1 A				
UBERON:0002834							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002835							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002836							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002837							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002838							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002839							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002840							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002841							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002842							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002843							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002844							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002845							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002846							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002847							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002848							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002849							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002850							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002851							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002852							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002853							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002854							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002855							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002856							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002857							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002858							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002859							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002860							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002861							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002862							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002863							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002864						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002865						2 D, 2 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002866						2 D, 2 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002867						2 D, 2 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002868						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002869						2 D, 2 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002870						2 D, 2 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002871			C				4 D, 4 A		2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0002872							5 D, 5 A	1 A		1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0002873							4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002874						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002875						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002876						3 D, 3 A	5 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002877						4 D, 3 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002879						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002880						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002881						1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002882						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002883						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002884						4 D, 3 A	6 D, 7 A							
UBERON:0002885						4 D, 4 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002886						2 D, 1 A	7 D, 7 A							
UBERON:0002887						6 D, 2 A	6 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002888						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002889							4 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002890						3 D, 3 A	6 D, 7 A							
UBERON:0002891						2 D, 1 A	3 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002892						3 D, 1 A	4 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002893						1 D, 2 A	5 D, 5 A		3 A	1 D, 2 A				
UBERON:0002894							2 D, 2 A	1 D, 2 A		1 A				
UBERON:0002895						1 D, 1 A		1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0002896						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002897						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002898			C			3 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002899						2 D, 2 A	4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002900						2 D, 2 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002901						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002902						2 D, 2 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002903						3 D, 3 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002904						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002905						2 D, 2 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002906						6 D, 6 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002907						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002908						2 D, 2 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002909						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002910						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002911						2 D, 2 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002912						3 D, 2 A	3 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002913						3 D, 2 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002914						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002915						3 D, 3 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002916						5 D, 5 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002917	C					1 D, 1 A	2 D	1 D	2 D	1 D	A		2 A	
UBERON:0002918							5 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002919						3 D, 3 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002920						2 D, 2 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002921						7 D, 7 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002922			C			2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0002923						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002924						1 D, 3 A	3 D, 4 A	1 A		2 A				
UBERON:0002925								1 D, 1 A		1 A				
UBERON:0002928							1 A							
UBERON:0002930							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002931							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002932			C			1 D, 1 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002933							3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002934						2 D, 1 A	5 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002935						8 D, 8 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002936						1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A	1 D						
UBERON:0002937						3 D, 3 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002938						1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A	1 D						
UBERON:0002939							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002940							1 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0002941						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D						
UBERON:0002942						7 D, 7 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002943			C				4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002944							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002945						13 D, 13 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002946						1 D, 1 A		1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0002947							4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002948							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002949							4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002950	C					1 D, 1 A	3 D	1 D	2 D	1 D	A		3 A	
UBERON:0002951	C					1 D, 1 A	2 D	1 D	2 D	1 D	A		2 A	
UBERON:0002952						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002953						2 D	5 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002954						2 D, 1 A	3 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002955						1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002956						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002957						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002958			C			1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002959						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002960						3 D, 1 A	4 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002961							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0002963							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002964						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002965						2 D, 2 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002966	C					1 D, 1 A	2 D	1 D	2 D	1 D	A		2 A	
UBERON:0002967			C			2 D	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002968							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002969							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002970						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002971			C			1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002972	C					10 D, 11 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002973			C				3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002974							3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002975						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002976							4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002977						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002978						5 D, 5 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0002979							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002980			C			1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002981			C			2 D, 2 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002982						4 D, 4 A	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002983						7 D, 7 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0002984						10 D, 9 A	8 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002985						6 D, 6 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002987						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002990						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002991						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002992						2 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0002993						4 D	3 D							
UBERON:0002994							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002995						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0002996						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0002998			C	D			4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0002999							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0003002			C				3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0003004						2 D	5 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0003005			C			1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D						
UBERON:0003006							6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0003007							4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0003008			C			24 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0003009						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D						
UBERON:0003010						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D						
UBERON:0003011			C				5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0003012							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0003016						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0003017			C				4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0003018						4 D, 4 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0003019						8 D, 8 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0003020							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0003021							1 D, 1 A	1 A						
UBERON:0003023			C				4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0003024						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0003025							5 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0003026						5 D, 5 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0003027							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0003028							4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0003029			C				4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0003030						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0003031						6 D, 4 A	6 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0003033						6 D, 2 A	9 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0003034						6 D, 6 A	6 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0003035						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0003036						3 D, 3 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0003038							1 A							
UBERON:0003039							1 A							
UBERON:0003040						3 D, 3 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0003041							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0003043						1 D	1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0003044			C				2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0003045			C				3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0003046							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0003047	C					1 D, 1 A	2 D	1 D	2 D	1 D	A		2 A	
UBERON:0003048	C					1 D, 1 A	3 D	1 D	2 D	1 D	A		3 A	
UBERON:0003051										1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0003052							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0003053							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0003075							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0003098			C					2 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0003124			C											
UBERON:0003128														
UBERON:0003217						2 D, 2 A	3 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0003244			C											
UBERON:0003266				C										
UBERON:0003299			C				1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0003307							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0003308								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0003309								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0003310								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0003311								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0003338							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0003339				C										
UBERON:0003367														
UBERON:0003386			C											
UBERON:0003439			C		2 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D							
UBERON:0003535								1 D						
UBERON:0003544							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0003604			C											
UBERON:0003702			C							1 A				
UBERON:0003706								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0003715								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0003716								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0003721								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0003723						1 D	1 D, 2 A	1 D, 2 A	5 A	4 A				
UBERON:0003724								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0003726									2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0003842								1 D, 1 A	2 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0003861			C											
UBERON:0003876			A					1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0003881						3 D, 3 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0003882							6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0003883						1 D, 1 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0003884							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0003887			C											
UBERON:0003888			C											
UBERON:0003889			C							1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0003911								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0003931		1 A				1 A	1 A							
UBERON:0003936							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0003939		1 A				4 A	2 A							
UBERON:0003941						3 D, 1 A	2 D, 1 A	1 A						
UBERON:0003942						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0003943						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0003946								1 D						
UBERON:0003961							2 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0003963						1 D, 2 A		1 A	3 A	2 A				
UBERON:0003964			C											
UBERON:0003970								1 D						
UBERON:0003972								1 D						
UBERON:0003980							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0003993							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0003994								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0004001						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0004002						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0004004						1 D, 1 A				1 A				
UBERON:0004006						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0004008							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0004009						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A	1 A						
UBERON:0004021								1 D						
UBERON:0004022	C		C			2 D, 3 A	3 D	1 A		2 A				
UBERON:0004023							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0004024							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0004025							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0004026							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0004035	C					2 A	4 D, 4 A		3 A	1 D, 3 A				
UBERON:0004040						3 A	1 A			1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0004060			C			2 D, 5 A		2 D, 2 A		1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0004061			C			1 D, 1 A		2 D, 2 A		1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0004062			C					2 D, 2 A		1 D, 2 A				
UBERON:0004063									2 A					
UBERON:0004064			C			1 A								
UBERON:0004069						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D, 2 A		1 A				
UBERON:0004074						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A	1 A						
UBERON:0004075						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A	1 A						
UBERON:0004076						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A	1 A						
UBERON:0004077						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A	1 A						
UBERON:0004078						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A	1 A						
UBERON:0004079						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A	1 A						
UBERON:0004080						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A	1 A						
UBERON:0004081						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A	1 A						
UBERON:0004082						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A	1 A						
UBERON:0004083						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A	1 A						
UBERON:0004086							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0004087						1 A								
UBERON:0004130			C											
UBERON:0004132								1 D						
UBERON:0004145						1 D, 3 A								
UBERON:0004167							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0004170							1 A							
UBERON:0004171						3 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0004178			C			29 D								
UBERON:0004186						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0004212			C											
UBERON:0004227			C			23 D, 4 A								
UBERON:0004274								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0004275								1 D						
UBERON:0004276								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0004293								1 D, 1 A		1 A				
UBERON:0004340								1 D, 1 A		3 D, 3 A				
UBERON:0004346								3 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0004362			C											
UBERON:0004365			C						2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0004374			C				1 A		2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0004544			C											
UBERON:0004545	C					1 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0004547								1 D						
UBERON:0004550			C			2 D, 3 A								
UBERON:0004571			C											
UBERON:0004572										1 A				
UBERON:0004573			C											
UBERON:0004639	C		C			2 A	1 A			2 A				
UBERON:0004640	C		C			2 A	1 A							
UBERON:0004641			C											
UBERON:0004647			C	D										
UBERON:0004649			C											
UBERON:0004651			C											
UBERON:0004657			C											
UBERON:0004662			A											
UBERON:0004663			C											
UBERON:0004664			C											
UBERON:0004670			C					1 A	2 D	1 A				
UBERON:0004671						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0004672						4 D, 3 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0004673			C			1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0004674			C			1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0004675		1 A	C			1 D, 6 A	2 D, 4 A	1 D	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0004676						3 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0004677			C			1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0004678						2 D, 2 A								
UBERON:0004679			C			1 D, 1 A	1 A							
UBERON:0004680						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0004681						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0004682			C			1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0004683						2 D, 2 A	3 D, 4 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0004684						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0004685			A	D		1 D, 1 A		1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0004686								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0004687								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0004693			C											
UBERON:0004703							4 D, 4 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0004706			C				2 D							
UBERON:0004714						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0004717						6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0004718						6 D, 6 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0004720			C			1 D, 1 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0004724								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0004725			C			2 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0004727							1 A	1 D, 2 A	4 A	1 D, 2 A				
UBERON:0004785			C											
UBERON:0004788			C											
UBERON:0004791			C											
UBERON:0004802			C											
UBERON:0004810			C											
UBERON:0004813			C											
UBERON:0004816														
UBERON:0004819			C											
UBERON:0004851			C											
UBERON:0004876	C					1 D, 1 A	2 D							
UBERON:0004904	C		C			2 D	5 D	1 D, 1 A	3 D, 3 A	2 D, 2 A				
UBERON:0004922							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0005015								1 D						
UBERON:0005056														
UBERON:0005073	C							1 D		1 D	A	1 A		
UBERON:0005074	C							2 D		2 D	A	1 A		
UBERON:0005159							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0005168	C		C			1 A		1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0005170				D										
UBERON:0005197							1 D							
UBERON:0005252	C					1 A			1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0005268			C											
UBERON:0005269									1 D, 1 A	1 A				
UBERON:0005272			C											
UBERON:0005281						1 D	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005290							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005293						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0005294			C			1 A	2 A							
UBERON:0005304			C											
UBERON:0005311						1 A								
UBERON:0005333						1 A								
UBERON:0005335								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0005338														
UBERON:0005339														
UBERON:0005343						3 A	3 D, 3 A			1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0005344						1 D, 2 A		1 D, 2 A		1 A				
UBERON:0005345						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0005346						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0005347							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005348							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005349						4 D, 4 A	4 D, 4 A	1 A						
UBERON:0005350						5 D, 5 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0005351						4 D, 4 A	2 D, 2 A	1 A						
UBERON:0005357			C					1 D						
UBERON:0005359			C					1 D		1 A				
UBERON:0005362			C					1 D	2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0005363			A											
UBERON:0005364			A											
UBERON:0005366								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0005368						2 D, 2 A								
UBERON:0005371						5 D, 5 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005372						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0005373			C				1 A							
UBERON:0005374			A											
UBERON:0005375			A											
UBERON:0005376						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005377						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0005378						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0005379							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0005380			A											
UBERON:0005381						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0005382						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0005383						8 D, 8 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005384			C											
UBERON:0005390						9 D, 9 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005391						4 D, 4 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005392						6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005393						8 D, 8 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005394						8 D, 8 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005395						8 D, 8 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005402			C											
UBERON:0005403			C				3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0005407			A											
UBERON:0005408						2 D, 2 A								
UBERON:0005411			A											
UBERON:0005412							1 A							
UBERON:0005413							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0005414			C	D										
UBERON:0005417														
UBERON:0005418														
UBERON:0005430						1 D, 2 A		1 D, 2 A		3 A				
UBERON:0005438			C											
UBERON:0005442	C					1 A								
UBERON:0005449								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0005467			C											
UBERON:0005476			C											
UBERON:0005478			C											
UBERON:0005485			C											
UBERON:0005487			C					1 D, 1 A	2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0005499							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0005507			A				2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0005511			A				2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0005515			A				2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0005519			A				2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0005523			A				2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0005527			A				3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0005566							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005568							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005569			A				2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0005570							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005572							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005573							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005575							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005576							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005578							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005579							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005581							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005582							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005584							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005585							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005587							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005588							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005590							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005623			A											
UBERON:0005777			C											
UBERON:0005807								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0005821							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0005832							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0005839						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005840						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0005841						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005842						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0005843							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0005844						2 D, 2 A				1 A				
UBERON:0005847							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005849							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005852							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0005854						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0005867			C											
UBERON:0005868			C											
UBERON:0005876			C											
UBERON:0005882						1 A								
UBERON:0005970			C											
UBERON:0005976						4 D, 4 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005977						5 D, 4 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0005978						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006002			C	A				1 D, 3 A	2 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A				
UBERON:0006007							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006063						1 A								
UBERON:0006065			C					2 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0006083						3 D, 2 A	4 D, 2 A	1 D, 2 A		1 A				
UBERON:0006086						7 D, 6 A	6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0006087						2 D, 2 A	4 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0006088						4 D, 2 A	4 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0006089						4 D, 4 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0006090						4 D, 4 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0006091						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006092						5 D, 5 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0006093						4 D, 4 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0006094						4 D, 4 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0006095			A			10 D, 10 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006096			A			10 D, 10 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006097						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0006098						3 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A		1 A				
UBERON:0006099						7 D, 7 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006100						7 D, 7 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006101						7 D, 7 A	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0006102						8 D, 8 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006104						8 D, 8 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006106						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006107						10 D, 10 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0006108						5 D, 5 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006114						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006115						4 D, 4 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0006116						4 D, 4 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006117						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006118						6 D, 6 A								
UBERON:0006119				C		1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006120			A			1 D, 1 A	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0006121						5 D, 5 A								
UBERON:0006122						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0006123						4 D, 4 A	1 A							
UBERON:0006124						2 D, 2 A	1 A							
UBERON:0006125						1 D, 1 A		1 D, 2 A		1 A				
UBERON:0006134						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0006204								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0006205			A	D		1 D, 2 A	1 A							
UBERON:0006215			C				1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006238						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0006273		1 A	C			1 A	2 D			2 D, 2 A				
UBERON:0006284							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006298										3 A				
UBERON:0006330			C			3 D, 3 A								
UBERON:0006334							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006342								1 D						
UBERON:0006373			A											
UBERON:0006428			A											
UBERON:0006435			C											
UBERON:0006445						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0006446						1 D, 1 A		1 D, 1 A		1 A				
UBERON:0006447						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006448						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006449						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006450						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006451						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006452						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006453						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006454						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006455						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006456						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006457						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006458						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006459						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006460						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006461						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006462						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006463						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006464						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006465						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006466						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006467						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006468						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006469						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006470						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006471						6 D, 6 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006472						6 D, 6 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006473						6 D, 6 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0006474						6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006475						6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006476						6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006477						6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006478						6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006479						6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006480						6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006481						6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006482						7 D, 7 A	1 D, 1 A			1 A				
UBERON:0006483						6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006484						6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006485						5 D, 5 A	1 D, 1 A			1 A				
UBERON:0006486						5 D, 5 A	1 D, 1 A			1 A				
UBERON:0006487						2 D, 2 A				1 A				
UBERON:0006488						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006489						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006490						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006491						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006492						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006493						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006514							2 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006516						4 D, 1 A	2 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006565														
UBERON:0006585							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006594	C		C	A		1 A		1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0006638								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0006640						1 A								
UBERON:0006650						1 A	1 A							
UBERON:0006670			C											
UBERON:0006696							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0006697										2 D, 2 A				
UBERON:0006698						2 D, 2 A	5 D, 6 A			2 D, 2 A				
UBERON:0006721			C											
UBERON:0006723			C											
UBERON:0006725								1 D						
UBERON:0006729			C											
UBERON:0006743						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006762								1 D						
UBERON:0006779							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0006780						2 D	3 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006782							1 A							
UBERON:0006783						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0006786						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0006787							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006788							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006789							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006790							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006791						1 D	2 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006792							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006793							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006835														
UBERON:0006840			A				2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006843								1 A	1 D, 2 A	1 D, 2 A				
UBERON:0006847							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0006848							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0006871			C											
UBERON:0006878								1 D						
UBERON:0006936			C											
UBERON:0006937			C											
UBERON:0006957								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0006964						2 D, 2 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0007111								2 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0007187				D										
UBERON:0007224							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0007225							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0007227							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0007228								1 D	2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0007230			C				2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0007247	C		C		1 A	2 D	5 D							
UBERON:0007249						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0007250			C							1 A				
UBERON:0007251						2 D	1 D							
UBERON:0007317										1 D				
UBERON:0007334								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0007347								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0007349								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0007350			C					1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0007351								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0007412						2 D, 2 A	3 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0007413							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0007414								1 D						
UBERON:0007415							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0007416			A				1 A							
UBERON:0007418	C					6 A								
UBERON:0007425			C											
UBERON:0007626							2 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0007627						1 D	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0007628							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0007629							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0007630			A				2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0007631							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0007632						1 D	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0007633			A			4 D, 4 A	5 D, 5 A			1 A				
UBERON:0007634							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0007637						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0007639						1 D, 1 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0007640						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0007641							4 D, 3 A			1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0007656							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0007657								2 D						
UBERON:0007703							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0007707						3 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0007709						3 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0007710							3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0007711						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0007712						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0007713						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0007714						1 D, 1 A		1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0007715						1 D, 1 A		1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0007716						1 D, 1 A		1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0007717						1 D, 1 A		1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0007763							1 D, 1 A	1 A						
UBERON:0007764							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0007767							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0007768							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0007769							3 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0007833			A											
UBERON:0007834						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0007835						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0007836						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0007837						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0008202					2 A									
UBERON:0008311									2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0008320										1 A				
UBERON:0008321			C							1 A				
UBERON:0008322										1 A				
UBERON:0008335							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0008337				D		2 A								
UBERON:0008488										1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0008577								1 A						
UBERON:0008594			C											
UBERON:0008778														
UBERON:0008808			A											
UBERON:0008810								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0008827			A											
UBERON:0008829						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0008830						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0008833								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0008841							1 D							
UBERON:0008842							1 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0008843				D		1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0008845														
UBERON:0008846							1 A			1 A				
UBERON:0008847								1 D, 1 A		1 A				
UBERON:0008855								1 D						
UBERON:0008879								1 D						
UBERON:0008881							2 D, 2 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0008884							1 A							
UBERON:0008885							1 A							
UBERON:0008886								1 A		2 A				
UBERON:0008902							1 A							
UBERON:0008906									2 D, 3 A	2 A				
UBERON:0008930							1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0008933			A				1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0008934			A				1 A							
UBERON:0008935	C													
UBERON:0008975	C		C			1 A				1 A				
UBERON:0008993							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0009002								1 D						
UBERON:0009009								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0009013			A											
UBERON:0009050						2 D, 2 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0009051							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0009052							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0009053						1 D, 2 A	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0009074								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0009118	C					1 A				1 A				
UBERON:0009121			C				1 A		3 A	2 A				
UBERON:0009472			C											
UBERON:0009539								5 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0009573							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0009580								1 D, 1 A	2 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0009581								1 D, 1 A	2 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0009583								1 D, 1 A	2 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0009623							1 D, 1 A		1 D, 2 A	1 D, 5 A				
UBERON:0009624									2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0009625									2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0009629							1 A			1 A				
UBERON:0009630									1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0009631									1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0009632									2 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0009633									1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0009634									1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0009641							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0009643							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0009673										2 A				
UBERON:0009674						1 A	1 A			1 A				
UBERON:0009675								1 D, 1 A		1 D, 2 A				
UBERON:0009775							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0009777							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0009834							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0009835			C			1 D	1 D	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0009836						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0009840							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0009841							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0009857							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0009889														
UBERON:0009906			C			1 D, 1 A			1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0009907							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0009918							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0009950						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0009951							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0009952						1 A	1 A							
UBERON:0009992														
UBERON:0010005								1 D						
UBERON:0010008								1 D						
UBERON:0010009										1 A				
UBERON:0010010						5 D, 3 A	5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0010011							6 D, 6 A							
UBERON:0010036						4 D	3 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0010133			C											
UBERON:0010135						7 A	1 A							
UBERON:0010145			C											
UBERON:0010186			C											
UBERON:0010190			A											
UBERON:0010199				C										
UBERON:0010225								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0010242			A											
UBERON:0010260						1 A								
UBERON:0010285							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0010286														
UBERON:0010287							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0010358			A				1 D							
UBERON:0010380			C					1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0010402			A											
UBERON:0010403	C		C			2 D	2 D, 1 A	1 D		1 D, 2 A				
UBERON:0010415							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0010419			C											
UBERON:0011049								2 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0011088								1 D						
UBERON:0011096								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0011106								2 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0011172						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A	1 D, 1 A		1 A				
UBERON:0011173							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0011175							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0011176							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0011177							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0011178							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0011179							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0011199								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0011202								2 D						
UBERON:0011203								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0011213						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0011299		1 A				1 A	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0011300		1 A				1 A	1 A							
UBERON:0011315								2 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0011316								2 D, 1 A	3 A	1 A				
UBERON:0011317								1 D, 1 A	3 A	1 A				
UBERON:0011320								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0011321								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0011322								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0011326								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0011327								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0011390								1 D						
UBERON:0011391								1 D						
UBERON:0011755						1 A								
UBERON:0011756						2 A								
UBERON:0011768							1 A							
UBERON:0011775			C						2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0011924									3 A	1 D, 3 A				
UBERON:0011925									3 A	1 D, 3 A				
UBERON:0011926									2 D, 3 A	1 D, 3 A				
UBERON:0011927									2 D, 3 A	1 D, 3 A				
UBERON:0011929									2 D, 3 A	1 D, 3 A				
UBERON:0011930									2 D, 3 A	1 D, 3 A				
UBERON:0011970								1 D						
UBERON:0011972								1 D						
UBERON:0012132										1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0012170						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0012171						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0012240									4 A	2 A				
UBERON:0012241								1 A		1 A				
UBERON:0012242			C						4 A	2 A				
UBERON:0012297								1 D						
UBERON:0012302			C			1 A								
UBERON:0012326			A	D		1 A		1 D, 3 A						
UBERON:0012332			C			1 A				2 A				
UBERON:0012333								2 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0012442						2 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0012471								2 D, 3 A						
UBERON:0012472								2 D, 3 A						
UBERON:0012473						1 A	1 D							
UBERON:0013118						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0013137			A				1 A							
UBERON:0013139								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0013159								3 D, 1 A	2 A					
UBERON:0013160								1 D, 1 A	2 A					
UBERON:0013181								1 D						
UBERON:0013204								1 A		1 A				
UBERON:0013220										1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0013498									2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0013515						1 D, 2 A								
UBERON:0013528						6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0013529			C			3 D, 3 A		1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0013531							2 D, 3 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0013533						6 D, 6 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0013535			A			6 D, 6 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0013538						6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0013539						6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0013540						6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0013541						7 D, 7 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0013543						8 D, 7 A	3 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0013544						4 D, 4 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0013545						4 D, 4 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0013546						4 D, 4 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0013547						4 D, 4 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0013550						6 D, 6 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0013551						6 D, 6 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0013552						6 D, 6 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0013553						6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0013554			C			6 D, 6 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0013556						6 D, 6 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0013558						6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0013559						6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0013560						7 D, 6 A	4 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0013561						6 D, 6 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0013562						4 D, 4 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0013573						6 D, 6 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0013589								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0013598						1 A								
UBERON:0013599							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0013600							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0013601						2 D	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0013606							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0013607							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0013643														
UBERON:0013646								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0013647								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0013682								2 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0013715								1 A		1 A				
UBERON:0013716								1 A						
UBERON:0013718						1 A								
UBERON:0013733							1 A							
UBERON:0013734						1 D	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0013736							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0013737						1 D	3 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0013738						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0014169						7 D, 7 A	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0014277						9 D, 9 A		1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014280						7 D, 7 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014283						3 D, 3 A		1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014284						5 D, 5 A	2 D, 3 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014286						1 D, 1 A		1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014287						3 D, 2 A		1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014370						3 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014450							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014451								1 A						
UBERON:0014452							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014463									2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0014468						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0014471						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0014473						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0014509								1 D						
UBERON:0014521						3 D, 3 A	1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0014523								1 D						
UBERON:0014524								1 D						
UBERON:0014526							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014527							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014528							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0014529						4 D, 4 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0014534							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0014537						2 D, 2 A		1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014538						1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0014539						3 D, 1 A	3 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014540						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0014541						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014542						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014543						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014544						3 D, 3 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0014547														
UBERON:0014548						5 D, 6 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0014549			C			2 D, 3 A	1 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A		1 A				
UBERON:0014550						2 D, 3 A	1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0014551			C			2 D, 3 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0014552			C			2 D, 3 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0014553			C			2 D, 3 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0014554			C			2 D, 3 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0014555			C			2 D, 3 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0014556			C			2 D, 3 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0014557			C			2 D, 3 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0014558						2 D, 3 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0014559			C			2 D, 3 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0014560						1 D, 2 A	3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0014568						2 D, 2 A		1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014569						4 D, 4 A		1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014570						3 D, 1 A	1 D	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014571						3 D, 1 A	1 D	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014589						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014590						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014591						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014592						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014593						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A	2 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014594						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A	2 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014595						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014596						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014597						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014598						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014599						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014600						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014601						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014602						2 D, 2 A	3 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014603						2 D, 2 A	3 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014604						2 D, 2 A	3 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014605						3 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014606						6 D, 6 A	5 D, 5 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014607						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0014608						1 D, 1 A	4 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0014609						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014610						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0014611						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014612			C			2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0014613						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014614						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014615						2 D, 2 A	3 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0014616						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014617						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014618						5 D, 5 A	3 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0014619						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0014620						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014621						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0014622						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014623						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014624						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014626						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014628						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014629						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014630						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014631						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014632						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014633						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0014634						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014635						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014636						1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014637						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0014638						2 D, 2 A	1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014639							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014640							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0014641			C			1 D, 1 A		1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0014642						3 D, 3 A								
UBERON:0014644							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014647							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014648							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014649							1 A							
UBERON:0014687							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014689							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0014733								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014734							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014735			C											
UBERON:0014736							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014738								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014740								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014741							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014742								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014751								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014752								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014753								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014754								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014755								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014756								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014757								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014758								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014759								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014761							3 D, 4 A							
UBERON:0014778														
UBERON:0014782								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014912								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0014913							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014915							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0014916								1 A						
UBERON:0014918							1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0014934	C					1 D	1 D	1 D			A	1 A		
UBERON:0014935			A			5 A	1 A			2 A				
UBERON:0014936										1 A				
UBERON:0014940							1 D, 1 A			1 A				
UBERON:0014950														
UBERON:0014951								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0015117							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0015161							1 A	2 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0015162								2 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0015173								1 A						
UBERON:0015214								2 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0015244							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0015432							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0015488								1 D						
UBERON:0015510							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0015599			C				2 D, 3 A	1 D, 2 A		2 A				
UBERON:0015703			A				2 D, 3 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0015708			A			1 D, 1 A	2 D, 4 A	1 D, 1 A		1 A				
UBERON:0015777								1 D						
UBERON:0015793			C				1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0015800							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0016411										1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0016466								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0016467								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0016490			C											
UBERON:0016491														
UBERON:0016515								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0016516								1 D						
UBERON:0016525							5 D, 5 A							
UBERON:0016526						4 D, 4 A								
UBERON:0016535							1 A							
UBERON:0016554							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0016633							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0016634							1 A	1 D, 2 A		1 A				
UBERON:0016635							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0016636								1 D, 2 A		1 A				
UBERON:0016637							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0016641							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0016824							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0016825							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0016827			A				1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0016832							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0016843						1 A	2 D, 2 A			1 D, 3 A				
UBERON:0016848							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0017258								1 D						
UBERON:0017259								1 D						
UBERON:0017295							1 A							
UBERON:0017642						1 A								
UBERON:0018141			C				3 D, 3 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0018154								1 D						
UBERON:0018237							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0018238							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0018262							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0018263							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0018373								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0018398								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0018405								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0018406								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0018408								1 A						
UBERON:0018411								1 D						
UBERON:0018412								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0018685										1 A				
UBERON:0019197										1 A				
UBERON:0019198										1 A				
UBERON:0019258							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0019261							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0019262							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0019263							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0019264							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0019267							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0019272							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0019274							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0019275							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0019278							2 D, 2 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0019279						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0019280							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0019281	C					1 D, 3 A	4 D, 5 A	1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0019283							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0019284							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0019285							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0019286							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0019289							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0019290							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0019291							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0019293		1 A				1 A	1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0019294							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0019295							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0019303							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0019308							2 D, 2 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0019310						1 D, 1 A	2 D, 2 A	1 D	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0019311						1 D, 1 A		1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:0019312						2 D, 2 A	2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0019314							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0020358				A		1 A								
UBERON:0022229							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0022230							1 D, 1 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0022232								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0022234							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0022236							2 A							
UBERON:0022237							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0022241							1 A							
UBERON:0022242							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0022244							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0022246							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0022247							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0022250							1 D, 1 A							
UBERON:0022252							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0022254							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0022256							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0022258							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0022262							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0022264							1 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0022268							2 D, 2 A	1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:0022271							2 D, 2 A							
UBERON:0022272							2 D, 3 A							
UBERON:0022278							1 A		2 A	1 A				
UBERON:0022297								1 A						
UBERON:0022300								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0022301								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:0022302								1 A						
UBERON:0022303														
UBERON:0022314						2 D, 2 A								
UBERON:0022315						2 D, 2 A								
UBERON:0022316						3 D, 3 A								
UBERON:0022317			C			2 D, 2 A								
UBERON:0022318			C			1 D, 1 A								
UBERON:0022319			C			2 D, 2 A								
UBERON:0022323				A		3 D, 4 A	1 A							
UBERON:0022325						1 A								
UBERON:0022326						1 D, 1 A		1 D, 2 A		1 A				
UBERON:0022327			C			2 D, 3 A								
UBERON:0022329				A		2 D, 2 A								
UBERON:0022336			C			4 D, 5 A	1 A							
UBERON:0022337			C			3 D, 4 A								
UBERON:0022340						3 D, 3 A								
UBERON:0022341														
UBERON:0022346						2 D, 2 A								
UBERON:0022347						2 D, 2 A								
UBERON:0022348						5 D, 5 A								
UBERON:0022349						5 D, 5 A								
UBERON:0022352			C					1 D, 2 A		1 A				
UBERON:0022353				D				1 D, 2 A		1 A				
UBERON:0022358								1 D						
UBERON:2000120								1 A	1 D, 1 A	2 A				
UBERON:2000165								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:2000183								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:2000199								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:2000238	C							1 D, 1 A	2 A	1 A				
UBERON:2000293								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:2000315								2 D	2 A	1 D, 1 A				
UBERON:2000347								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:2000392								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:2000449								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:2000516								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:2000517								1 D, 2 A						
UBERON:2000599								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:2000633								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:2000634								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:2000687								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:2000707								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:2001312								1 D						
UBERON:2001313								1 D						
UBERON:2001314								1 D						
UBERON:2005144								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:3000363								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:3010652								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:3010668								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:3010669								1 D, 1 A						
UBERON:3010720								2 D						
UBERON:3010750								1 D						
UBERON:3010751								1 D						
UBERON:3010754								1 D						
UBERON:3010764								2 D, 1 A						



OTHER STANZA TYPES
==================

New Stanzas
==========-

Stanza type	ID	Name
Typedef	extends_fibers_into	extends_fibers_into
Typedef	source_atlas	source atlas
Typedef	trunk_part_of	trunk_part_of



Stanzas Edited
==============

Stanza type	ID	Name
Typedef	distally_connected_to	distally connected to
Typedef	fma_set_term	fma_set_term
Typedef	in_taxon	in taxon
Typedef	proximally_connected_to	proximally connected to



FILE STATS
==========

Term counts for the old and new files

Ontology	Old file	New file	Change
none	270	270	
	(215 defined)	(215 defined)	
uberon	10042	10339	+297
	(8483 defined)	(8612 defined)	
uberon/phenoscape-anatomy	2271	2271	
	(1575 defined)	(1575 defined)	

Obsolete	684	930	+246
	(5.2% of total)	 (6.7% of total)	(+36.0%)

Totals	12583	12880	+543 (+4.1%)
	10273 (81.6%) defined	10402 (80.8%) defined	
	13267 inc. obs	13810 inc. obs



